This story has not been done .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his career .
Imagine he , a radicalist in Southern Gotton , the real face that his life was cost .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now you 're going to come up with him .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has tried to fall out of us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Mao , 18 years old when my parents died -- had a married marriage , had two little girls .
So after four years , a natural school is more than in the comic , a boat that is a camel that 's a fish ship .
If we were caught , first was my sister and my mother and she would drink .
We 're going to be in Football , the suburbs of the labor in which the population is the immigrant .
A long-term community to fish , because it 's got to be in six years .
The mind is reassuring and a silence , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
She opened the computer store and she was a different business and open a business .
We 're looking for aid and funded .
The center is formed .
In the world , I was in the tiles of the life of the world , the tragic damage , the violence , and the duttent .
And because of that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in the year of Australia .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was at the time I was at the age of my mother when we were on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was made , the new person came , and not just one , but one thing we need to be grateful , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went to my emotional .
I collected a small team with us , " No , " is a compelling challenge .
I 'm doing a huge soup of a huge soup that we eat .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is that in the centuries .
In 17 years old , she became his two-year-old wife , he was a very important model of her .
I 'm in a hotel room in Sdney , at the moment she lost 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the time of a night , and we told us that he had to be a financial .
My mother told us to feel my hand .
My mother asked her , " Why is my mother warm , that 's the whole person to break ? "
Now I want to have a child , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother today is here in the fourth row .
It 's a great honor for me to be here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in prison , after iron and in prisoners for the prisoner of the death .
I also had spent a long time in the community of people who had low income with the project and the despair .
And I came here and I was encouraged and I listened to this , and I 'd been able to add a lot of my own .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important thing .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American-American and a non-tranded family and she was a family .
Three mothers are actually slave .
She 's hard , but she 's also very peculiar .
When I was a little girl , every time I looked at her , she would go to me and I hug me in my heart .
My hug was so hard to me , and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'd come to and say , " Bran , you still feel like she hug her ? "
And if I said , " No , " she 'll be " attack " and if I say , " I 'll leave me with a girl .
She 's a very good way you 're going to be near .
My mother was the youngest son in the house .
And sometimes , I went and I was in her side , but she was hard to have a moment to get me .
And I remember , at the time , I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , I was up , and I saw all my sisters running around the room .
At first , I thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " I 'm like , "
" The first thing she wanted to promise you is to love my mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise is that it 's always going to do the right thing , though , it 's hard to get . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no . Two people go . You 'll never drink a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . I 'm just going to go , and I 'm going to go on . "
I shouldn 't say it .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do it right , is moral ; I want to talk about the power of human rights .
We can make them work in what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for the time of the cooking and sold the wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prisoned .
America has now been the highest prisoner in the world .
And there are seven million people who are being run or being exitated .
And three black men in the age of 18 to 30 , there 's a prisoner in prison , or a stigma .
Our legal system is not only defined by the way , not only the generalized by the racism that 's been distorted by the poor .
Even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and the political anger that makes us believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this was what I was interested in .
And there 's a silence .
Many of my restaurants are still very small .
We have a prisoner in the same way that we don 't have children .
We 're actually doing children 's laws .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'm going to be representative to the prisoners .
But there 's still a different way of thinking about where we are in our own humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether people have a death or not whether we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been hard to talk about race , because we 're not ready to admit the truth and reconcile .
I had some of the talks in Germany about the death sentence .
It was amazing to my speech , there was a scholar and said , " I 'm very hard to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no video .
How do you feel if you live in a world where Germany has been the death sentence , especially when it 's the Jewish Jews .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Southwest states of the Southwest of the world , we 're still making the same life-bounding , you can be the 11-year-old , if you 're white , and the
And so , there 's a way of preventing .
Technology , love creativity .
Well . We have the reason , we 're devoted for wisdom .
They come from ideas and then are being empowered by the heart of the heart .
Vaclav Havel , a great leader of S check , said about this .
And it 's just about things .
I went and heard them after a few hours , she came back and said , " Well , Bran , let me tell me about the publicly legal proposition .
So I started talking about the yard .
When I said my whole point , she looked at me and she said , " Well , well , well . "
I really think that TED community needs to be more courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that the injustice .
Because in the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that 's true for everyone on this planet .
I think if someone is liking , they 're not just a deceptive .
And so , people have basically a basic price of law .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , many places in the world , the paradox of poor is not rich .
And finally , I believe that this is really cool , very exciting , very exciting and very stimulus , but we 're not going to be judged by technology , by our minds , by the mind and the ideal .
Because that 's the consequences of what we 're starting to have a deep insight about who we are .
I 'm going to lose weight , I 'll end with this story .
Sometimes I 'm trying to be too hard .
And I 've been working on the children who are very heavy .
I went to my own prison , which was 13 , 14 years old and he was allowed to be in front of a big person .
Why can you make you a person you 're not ?
I 'd come up and think , I 'd dreamed about a crazy proposition or I actually wrote it ?
I think this is going to be difficult .
I whispered my ears .
It has a very profound connection to the human being , about the ability to contribute to each community , for the hope of hope .
And when I walked into , the judge saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all the yelling .
He jumped up to the gate .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his path and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a population of the people here , we 're trying to re-brand the money that we use in the punishment .
So for example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for the next five years . Well , a million dollars .
56 percent of the rape 's rape 's not processed .
The rate of being arrested in the United States is not really violent .
And so , we have three battle against people who are in prison , because of stealing a bicycle or steal the level of the light , because they 're paying them back to the private property .
I believe we need to do more work to help people who are being made by the crime , not to do less .
Branyan , you actually have the right psychological psychology of people here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill up in time .
He came here in 1835 as you know pretty well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it 's still to pay for another notion that 's called the transition of the hip .
I went there in 1971 , research in the West Africa .
I went there because I was growing up in Europe and I wanted to be able to do that later in Africa .
Even though I can get to life there .
This is my first sunshine .
The shatter is surrounded by the palm of the palm , you can see , some of the mangrove .
There 's a whole-powered robot that has about 20 feet of a single-powered robot that 's a black-pound .
The tiniest chamber of the dirt that makes this dates the number of fish and they actually have a pretty good time to get a lot more of the average income in Ghana .
They reach the age of adult age at five centimeter .
So nothing changes , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , it 's not , since the ' 60s -- Europe is doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , which is called Mutia .
What we 're going to do , we don 't find out of it .
The main thing is that the bottom-up bottom is pulled up the boat after that was thrown back .
These images are so much more imagination because this shift is happening too quickly .
In a year , you do a survey after that commercial fishing .
These species are not consumed , they 're thrown out of them .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the yard here in the biodiversity , the number of whales that are the size of the country 's forests , the water supply .
Every generation will use these images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a larger scale , is what we want to do now .
You just lose the rare animals .
They become more scarce , because we 're caught them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , and scientists would argue that before it was really different .
For example , the story that some of the people told the Captain of the Captain was observing a lot of fish in this region , couldn 't eat or not used by the scientists who were interested in fishing , because it didn
Because with the sea areas that are told that we 're actually re-branding the past .
I think that art and film can be able to compensate , and simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it 's moving people -- don 't mean to the Paho 's story -- why is being wobbled by the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices do you do a day ?
Recently , I 've been surveying with over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of options that the typical American people have done is about 70 times in a day .
There was a survey that was done with CEOs that we had followed the CEO for a week .
And scientists have led all these different tasks that the CEOs are involved and they have spent a lot of time to do these decisions .
Of course , each of these things are compounded a lot of small options .
Now , think about your own choices .
If not , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their duty .
We 've opened a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a door to the store .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we put 24-pound , and when there were only six , there were only 40 percent .
And then , we realized in the case , people like buying a jam .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the end of the people who stopped when we gave 24 , only three percent of them buy a jam .
And in the other few people stop when there are six types of dysfunction , when we see 30 percent of them buy a jam .
Now , try to make a little bit of a six-time math , and people want to buy a jam when they see six more of them , when they see 24 .
The theme is going to continue to : Trading finance .
And what we see is that the number of resources are available in retirement planning , the 401 plans that are able to affect the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look more closely , the plans that you have two billion dollars of the financial resources that are in the middle of the 70s are still not as high as we 're going to be .
Now it 's not the silk that 's the choices that anyone in us have to tell people when you look at the financial competition .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've tested in many ways in many surveys you can apply easily in your business .
People are always very embarrassing when I say , " cut down . "
When Proctor & amp ; Gamble is down from 26 Heads and Shoreers , they 've got 15 percent of the sales of the sales .
When the Golden Caten 's largest product to the catalogram of the cat , they 've seen the increase in the profit in eight7 percent of the increase of the increase and the cost of the cost .
You know , the average store of the day , giving you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human beings .
And I think you should read it .
All right .
So my lesson I did with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandrovit , and we did a lesson with people in ITSG , who worked at ITG and now these people in a stage where they
And during this stage we keep the stage before , but just a little bit more .
We can solve more of the more distributions that we solve the choices .
It shows that the Wegman 's Wegman on top of the coast of the boreal , and in the middle of the magazine , where it 's from 331 different types of magazine , and it 's just about 6
Now , two different types of women .
If you think the left is Swiss and the right is Jazz , please invite you to clap .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and the right is the Swiss , please invite you to clap .
All right , a little bit more .
This is a very , very , very useful arrangement .
We have to get a little more complex .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to make your own entertainment .
The color , the outside , I have 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that these decisions exist .
If you click the " button " for each decision , that means you 're being too much choices , that means you lose me .
With the same source , the same number of options .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the line that information is shown in that .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me a great interest of this big product that I 'm involved with it , so I 'm very happy to be motivated and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the size of the shadow .
Just 10 times , three times .
By the way , that 's a global player that 's four times more safe .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , do you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the number of " Halling " for a heart surgeon , a nurse or a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a student who was obsessed with perfect .
I learned in my little gelp , my little little bit of a nurse in the hospital in Toronto , not far away .
I learned in the surgery that started and the activity of every single body , every branch of the arteries of the arteries , the complex diseases , the rare diseases , the same and the use .
And during the process , I collect more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of the heart-trance research is to explore the patient 's clinic .
And I met her Dr. Bucker , she was very hard to breathe .
This state is happening when the heart doesn 't work , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood flowing into the lung , and then blood flows up , and so the patient 's hard .
And that was when I was the first mistake ; I gave her the hospital .
I showed her the hospital without talking to the police officer .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lack confidence that I asked my nurses to take care of Dr. Ducker , " Do you think she 's okay ? "
And the nurse thought was a little bit of time and said , " Oh , I think she 'll be okay . "
So I signed the paper , and I went to the car , and I went to the car , and I went home .
I went through the way home .
Three words are : Is it ?
She came back and got to death .
Happy after she came home , after I left her home , she had a stroke and her family called the rescue and people brought her back to the room and her blood pressure was 50 , in a serious shock .
And the staff of the research is used .
They put her in the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking it to the bone .
And I was sitting on the train , because after she was in the stability , she was brought into a special care , and I hope that she was going to be able to recover .
You know that kind of embarrassment , when you leave a secret that you 're not going to have to break up and then you 're being stressed and you 're the best and you 're got the most likely to get the wrong
This is a kind of embarrassment .
And I just ask myself .
Why don 't I ask the doctor ? Why is it for the patient ?
Two years later I was the main doctor in the research department in a Northern Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old man who was pneumonia .
And then I was very busy , I was a little bit of a hurry .
He just just went on .
I saw his throat , it was a pink pink .
And two days later I went to the next level , and that was my time on my own request to speak for me in her room .
" Do you remember your pain ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and restore a few days later .
But every time , they all sneys me , I 'm looking at me .
That 's the system we have .
In the course of 20 years I wrote and I did a lot of medical data , I was studying the probability and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could , from one of my first songs I wrote to the Toronto Star Walk to my
And what I learned is that there is a wrong thing .
We work in a system in which is wrong , and there 's 10 dollars that 's a single or a drug , or the misconceptions , in which the bacteria are starting from the hospital , and more and more and more and dead
In both cases , this is the low-funded guesses , because we haven 't been able to get this problem that we have to be .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have the pre-trise based on the experience , for example , I can accept that a patient has a perfect patient .
With those things , wrong is that the antibodies .
So , if you process the system , as I 'm taught , and I 'm going to get rid of all the wrong medical workers , there 's no one .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The medical person , in the notion of the definition , is the human being , the human being , you know , you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of the wrong thing , but trying to learn something from what she '
She 's very supportive when people talk about their wrong .
And she just made the mistake of others , not " A 's " A , " which is a support , the way people can be better .
Anyone of you can be famous on the Internet on the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh , wowww !
Whereas this video is posted in January .
In fact , it 's a really , Jimmy Kimel .
Sixth , six . The city of the sixth , the sixth-wall , the last week , the sixth , sixth , six . The first thing you 're going to think that we have a conversation today without talking about
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is the graph of that .
Well , Tosh , and many online pages started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson from the secretary of the mystery is one of the first people who posted a joke about this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version of the imitation " from YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Someone has created an old version .
Because now we don 't just enjoy it , we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the characteristics of media , but it 's not true for the media today , but they 're going to determine the entertainment of the future .
And my new company was trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... attention to the community .
Huh . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all right now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story started right here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that time , there was no change from the time that we had the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do that with drill and machines .
And we 're going to get out of the magic that 's replaced with the machine .
They prevent creative inspiration .
I 've been making books since 16 years old .
The story is becoming more and more important .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it 's always interesting to me .
Another idea of my mind is that a big , big , big , a big , a big , a single thing that can be taken into a single one of the only trace .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about the gods , but who didn 't in India , but who knew about India , the Aparajarara ?
So , in this way , you have to go back to this kid , you have to go out , and , in a chapter , take a flower and take a note of it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a tree and note it .
And what happens is that you create a digital collection of digital collection that you can show online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , and there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curt , maybe , it 's a time , and this is a kind of time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to illustrate , graph is very stupid .
Now if I draw graphs , for example , other technology , maybe the technology of the truck , on a logical curve , it looks very , very much like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history of technology that 's going to be able to improve the way that it 's going to change a few years .
That 's what can happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is there ?
What is the new state that the world is going to be ?
Because this process is very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from the way we 're going to go to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not very much about 30 , 50 years later , because when everything is going to be very different from a very simple , very simple , but we 're going to do something that '
And so I think this picture is what it means if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today , these oils are not really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly randomly in a lot of chemicals .
It 's just a basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the drops are getting to get out of the trick .
In fact , every living organisms are stored in its genome by the same-colate and the code of the same .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This is the media that allows the bacteria to form that can form that in the same way that they 're in the same kind of microbes ; they 're cooperating .
And so they 're alive or dying , which means , if a community is good , all of the individuals in the community , they produce more individuals and they evolved in positive .
And so , the next process is really interesting in life that 's about a billion years .
And at that moment , we have multinational mass , the colony that has a different cell , working together as a single organ .
The skin cells of people will not have any effect if the lack of heart cells , the cells , the brain cells and a lot of other cells .
The next process is in these communities .
These cells , again , start extracting information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of these pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a fish can live , for example , learn not to eat something because it 's not good and it can be uncomfortable when it 's going to eat it .
That neural system , the fact that they form these particular structures , which are very quickly to push the evolution .
Because evolution is now possible to happen inside a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here in the moment , I 'm saying , " I 'm going to make a sense of people in the head of a thoughtful and a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of thinking , and I '
This allows us to start to exist as a living body .
Too cell , computers , video , CDs and other things are the tools that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a larger community and more likely to move beyond us before .
This process is going on and it 's going to be , and I guess , that the self is from the right -- when a process of accelerating its speed .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of the curve .
Now I 'm designing computers to make money , and I know that my device used to design computers can 't use if there 's no technology in the computer .
So now , what I do is design with complex level of complexity seems to be possible if design them in traditional ways .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connectivity .
Instead , what I did is that the design of the design was doing at the Fundane Service , which is that we think about the level of extracting and put that filter into the machine and the machine that uses more effective , more
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the ways we don 't even understand .
A particularly interesting method that I 'm still using is a lot of evolution .
Or in other words , " The computer , you can make hundreds of millions of randomly randomly .
In other words , I 'm going to define what I want .
And let 's copying them with the re-branded process of reproduction . "
Take two programs and they create products by exchange their subtituts , and products are actually the quality of the two programs .
Maybe it 's going to make some changes .
And I 'm going to end up with a process , I 'll have a perfect program to be able to put the numbers .
In fact , they 're a more effective program than a program I can write .
They are very ambiguous and weird programs .
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details that work for you to have a safe flight . ' It 's not making you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the design of the normal design .
Because all of this technology is driving themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's going to be chasing us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite like Peace Corps for the computer .
We 're selecting some candidates every year , they 're going to work with the city .
And then they 'll write a great app , working with the staff of the staff .
How can it find a help in the situation that has a two like this ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that the city never had to remove the firefits .
But one member of the Erik Michael-Ober , pay attention to another , which is that people are still natural to walk in front of that .
Every time you have to put it on , and he 's called the first name of Al .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of 21st-sized and the members of the last year .
But it did something that doesn 't work .
A guy in the technology of Honolulu knows this app and the found that he can use it , and he can use it , not for the snow , but to people who are going to define the tsunami .
And these lights are very important , but there 's a stolen energy from them .
Chicago 's software applications that allow people to put a cleanerwalker sidewalk as the snow .
Now there are nine cities that are planning to use this app .
Last year , we had a team of three people working on a two-and-a-half months in Boston .
The project that the parents find the right-handed school with their children .
Some people say to us that , as usual , to build a software that will have to take at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California that has spent two billion dollars taxes , but still not working .
That means that the uncontrolled , the always evolving and the new things .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more than the action of the power of electronic technology .
They haven 't yet left .
Now there are a lot of people who lose their own government .
Like many people , I think the government is just to get people to vote .
After two years , I 've been able to get a special conclusion with local government , about the dysmatical mouse .
He type " Aprom " in the official data .
This is the result of the people who come in the city of the city in Boston .
But what happened to Citizens Conference .
Good sleep , the dubble mouse . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how technology is real life .
When this person helped the other person , our community became more powerful .
If you call the animal center , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we often spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that government will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but then there
But that contrary to that , which has helped us see what we have and pay for the price of us , and then we do it .
Some people think politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real work of the government is happening .
That 's what Ocupy Safe has done .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do without the government of the representative power for all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their fight is not like we 're not going to be a person on the voice ; they all have to do it .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can process the water for fire , and many people have done it .
But the applications like the community reminds that we 're not just the consumer , and we 're not just the government 's consumer , taxes and get the service .
Moreover , we are citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we do a good job .
I have a question for all of you : When there are important things that need to come to our own hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of voices , or we 'll become a group of hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to the patient .
One of the things we 've done at the University of Radboud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that all -- maybe not all -- but most of the medical projects fail , since we don 't listen .
It has a button in the middle of the turn .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's best possible because this is called the equal pressure , the same pressure that has helped patients -- since it 's used to obesity , it can also use to get the patients to get smoking .
Wind the easy techniques to use and start with them to make sense of comfort for patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where are there the last AED , to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device is not just AEDU that this product is called , but AEDSUS .
Because , perhaps , this is a photographer that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's a little bit of a passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , the process is planned .
These pictures like this : building a way across the crowd-packed way .
But it has a little bit of a light that doesn 't want .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the context creates a hallucination .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I found that the images were also in the same process .
It 's really just a really good thing to do .
But the combination , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combination of images should have a common place .
Second , combine these images should have a light .
And two pictures are satisfying two conditions -- are taking a high degree and at the same time .
So by the way that colorful , the contrast and the light in the boundaries between different images , addictions to the depth of the field , the deceptions and the dust , we 're delete the lines between the different images and
But this picture is completely created by different parts of the different areas .
I think that it 's easier to even create contexts , because then you don 't have to be able to put the ideas in the head .
And this idea is that in the winter , I know I 've lost a few months to prepare , to find different places for the images .
For example , the fish are caught in the journey .
There 's always a starting with a sketch , a idea .
All the tools are right here , and the only thing that we 're limited to is the imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Gran Grong .
And just in a few years , the LEG-ETwesters have been at all the houses .
LEO has taken the concrete block , the building blocks of the world , and made it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic-feman structure that will take us from the world of the world 's wires to the world that everything interacts together .
It 's like a concrete bricks , transistor that lets you build big circuits and more complex , each one .
I don 't accept this , that the bricks builds the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Little Mittle is the electronic structures with different functions .
You put blue on green , you can make the light .
Instead of the tilt with the building , like this , and now you have a flash of light bulb .
So , you 've got this jaw , and now you 've created an engine .
We 've put the little kids to play with the kids and see them playing with a little bit of the game .
And that 's a great experience .
We also put the Pittleits to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unstable about the electronics that started playing with the game of the creative tools .
And here you 'll see , with a wie , and the water , the water , the Liego , the Lieve made ...
A few weeks ago we gave them to RISD , and we gave them a few designers to have a few of the same techniques with the cover , wood and paper -- and told them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government comes out of the documentary , they can get to the right-hand side of these " ideals . "
But today , in this moment , in 2011 , if you have a laser printer from any type of printers , and if you have a print a page that 's going to have a paper that 's going to have a yellow dot , which
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this kind of cybercriminals are very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the examples of the millionaires of the world 's population are made of money from the cybercriminals .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that today is the risk of the crime that we become the victim of the world is more dangerous than the real world .
And a clear fact that these are more dressed .
In the future , the majority of the laws that happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymousus has been up in the last 12 months and became a very important force in this cybercriminal .
So we have three groups of attacks : criminals with the money of the hacker , like Anonymous , which is the end of our government , the government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happened in DigiNotar .
They had to subtain the last year , because their network had been destroyed .
In the last week , in a meeting with the Netherlands , I have a question for a leader that he sees that if you have to die of Digi-Notarotarot .
DigiNotar is a company that provides a real service .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using a decentrician service with the SSL , which is the service that Gmmmm is using .
All of us , or at least we 're using Gmail or another email , and these services are common in the country like Iran , where the people who are used to use the services from the foreign country like Gmail , they know
And it creates the evidence that you can do .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNotar .
In this documentary is a company that has a company in Germany , sold for the Egyptian government , so many high-tech tools to hear in a large scale of all the communication and exchange of people .
This is the main universe of that company .
But the Western government does it right now in their country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people discovered the Tanjan Scuinstin , is a kind of German government who used to investigate their citizens .
They heard your Internet .
They even use tools like Tojuan Scinstin to infect your computer , and from that they can get all the information you have , have all your conversation through your network , and there 's your passwords .
So why do I worry ?
But this argument is not rational .
Privacy is not a debate .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we believe , in a blind way of blinding in any future , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
