When I was a little bit , I thought that NorthTrified is the best country in the world and I used to sing " We don 't have to jealous . "
I was very proud of my country .
In school , we spent a lot of time to learn about the president of Venus II , Sung II , but they didn 't learn a lot about the outside world , except the United States , Korea and Japan was our enemies .
Even though I 've been wondering how the world is out there , but I still think I 'm going to live in NorthTimes , until all of a sudden change .
When I was seven , I witnessed the landscape of the first time in my life , but I still think my life is normal .
My family is not poor , and I 've never been hungry .
But in a day of 1995 , my mother brought home a letter from a sister with her mother .
And there 's written : When you read these lines , the five-year-old family had no longer on this life , because the house had nothing to eat in two weeks .
All of us are on the floor , and our bodies are weak to feel like death .
I was shocked .
Because the first time I knew that my cell was suffering .
Not long after that , when I went through a station , I saw a horror scene that I could never forget .
On a station that 's deadly death of a two hands who are still holding a baby , and she 's just staring at her face .
But no one helped them , because they 're all concerned about themselves and family .
In the middle of the 90s , North Korea went through severe hunger .
It made more than a million North Korea died in hunger , and many people survived to eat lawns , the beetles and the beetles .
It 's more productive , so everything around me is dark at night when I 'm going to go out to the light from China , just a river .
I always wondered why they had electricity , we didn 't .
This is a picture from North Korea taken in the night of the night with the surroundings .
This is the Asian River , it 's the natural border between North Korea and China .
It can see that the river is very narrow , so some of the North Korea secret to China .
But a lot of people died .
And I saw them on the river .
I can 't talk about how I 've been hiding from North Korea , how can just say that in the years of years , because the hunger I 've been sent to China to live with a long-looking person .
I 'm just thinking that I 'm going to have a short time .
I can never imagine that I 'm going to have 14 years .
In China , her life was separated from her family as I was very difficult .
I didn 't imagine what happened to the life of a refugee from North Korea , what I was going to realize , but I soon realized that it wasn 't very difficult , but there was dangerous , because the refugees from North Korea in China
I 've always lived in a regular fear that my identity is going to be discovered , and I 'm going to be paid back to the old life in North Korea .
One day , that nightmare has been true , I 've been shot in China and brought to the police to the police .
Someone told them that I was North Korea , so they tested my Chinese and asked me a lot of questions .
I was terrified , and I felt like my heart was going to explode .
Because if they see something that doesn 't naturally , I 'm going to get rid of the prison and then get paid about water .
I think my life is over , but I still try to control my emotions and answer their questions .
After finished , one of the two police said to the other person , this is a wrong case .
It 's not North Korea . "
And they release me . That 's a magic .
Some North Korea in China came to the foreign mission of refugee to refugee , but many of them were arrested by China and being paid about water .
These girls are very lucky .
Because even though it was arrested , but eventually it was released by the international community .
But North Koreans are not lucky .
Every year , there 's no North Korea North Korea being caught in China and being paid about water , where they 're tortured , being held or arrested .
While I was very lucky , because I was released , a lot of my colleagues were not .
North Koreans have to hide their identity and struggle to exist as a tragedy .
Even when they 've learned the Chinese and found a job , their life can also be completely disconnected in a moment .
That 's why after 10 years of anonymous identity , I decided to take myself to Korean , to start a new life again .
It 's going to be more difficult than I imagine .
Because in South Korea , English has a very important position , so I started learning English , my third language .
I also realized a very big gap between the South and North Korea .
We 're all Korean , but we 've become very different from 67 years of cut .
I went through a crisis of mine .
I am South Korea or North Korea ?
Where did I come from ?
Suddenly , I didn 't have a country to be proud of the country .
Although I 'd like to adapt to life in South Korea , it 's not easy , but I set up a plan .
And started learning to prepare for college .
However , even though I 've been used to life here , I 've been announced a terrible news .
The North Korea North Korea has discovered the number of money that I sent back to the family , and , to punish , they 'll catch my family to move back in rural areas .
And so they can quickly get out of that , I started planning to help my family .
North Koreans have had to cross the distance that seems to be impossible to come free .
Because the border from North to South Korea is almost impossible , so I have to fly to China and go back to North Korea .
Because my family didn 't know Chinese , so I had to go along with 2,000 miles in China and go to South Asia .
The journey of the bus is last week , and a few times we 're almost caught .
Once , our car was blocked and discovered by a Chinese police .
He 's seeing the letter of all people , and he started asking .
Because my family didn 't understand Chinese , so I thought they would be arrested .
When the Chinese police came close to them , I immediately stood up and told him that these are deaf people that I 've got to go .
He looked at me with suspicious , but unfortunately he believed me .
And we went on to the border , but I had to use almost almost all the money that we had to bribe for the borders .
However , after we 've gone through the border , my family was arrested in prison for the border .
After I applied to punishment and bribes , my family was released in a month , and then got caught again in the capital of Livia .
It was the best time in my life .
I 've done all sorts of ways to bring my family to free , and we 're almost succeeded , but they 're just caught in the Korean society .
I 'm going to go back to the middle of the police and the police police , despair to get my family out of it , but I don 't have enough money to bribe or pay the money .
I 'm completely despair .
Right now , there 's a man who asked me , " What is it ? "
I was very surprised when I was a strange person who was interested in asking me .
In English alone and a dictionary , I told him to hear my family 's shoes . Not a little bit of time , the man went to ATM. paid all the money for my family and two other Northern Korea so that they were
I thank you with my heart , and I said , " Why do you help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " He said .
" I 'm helping North Korea . "
I realized that it was a huge moment in my life .
Compassion from men who became a new hope for me and all the North Korea North Korea when we 're really needed it , and he showed me the good from strangers and the support of the international community is the hope that North Korea we 're
After all , after a long journey , my family was united in Korea , but it was just half of the struggle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated with their families , and when they come to another country , they have to start with very few or almost no money .
So we can get aid from the international community for education , training English , and many other areas .
We can also play a role as a bridge between people who are in North Korea with the outside world , because there 's a lot of people in our family members in the country , and we share with them information and money to change North Korea from
I was very lucky to get a lot of help and inspired by my life , so I wanted to be able to bring to my country a chance to develop with the support of international support .
I believe that you 're going to see more and more North Korea in the world , including TED stage .
Thank you .
I 'm just here today .
Don 't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I want to introduce you to my brother .
Remiably 22 years old , and it 's beautiful .
I 'm not saying , but I 'm communicating joy in the way that even some of the best heroic can 't do it .
Remi knows what love is .
I 'm sharing it a way that doesn 't matter how much it is .
She 's not greed . I 'm not colorful .
I don 't care about religion , and let 's understand that I 'd never lie .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to remember the words that I couldn 't , he reminded me something : how little we knew about the brain , and what we didn 't know .
Samuel 16-year-old . He 's very beautiful .
You have a perfect memory .
But it 's also selective .
You don 't remember whether you 've got a candy candy , but I remember the year of my iPod on my iPod , my talk between four-year-old , my hands on the Teletubbubb
These things sound great ?
But most people don 't agree .
And in fact , because my mind is not fit in the normal social version , they 're often given and misunderstanding .
But what makes my heart relief and my soul is more powerful than that , although this is true , even though they 're not considered normal , this can only mean that : people are extraordinary -- autism and people .
For you don 't get very familiar with the phrase " autism , it 's a brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical instincts .
The symptom in each individual individual , which is why Rembi is very different from Sam .
And all over the world , 20 minutes have a diagnosis of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders in the fastest speed of the world , we don 't know causality or treatment .
And I couldn 't remember the first time I approached autism , but I couldn 't remember a day without it .
I was three years old when I was born and I was very excited that there was a new person in my life .
And after a few months , I realized that I was different .
I scream a lot .
I don 't want to play like other kids , and in fact , I don 't seem to be interested in me or anything else .
Remiance and resorted in your own world , with your own rule , and I find joy in the smallest things , like the cars around the room and staring at thehing machine and eat anything in your hand .
When I grew up , I became more different , and the difference became better .
But out of anger and frustrating and curiousness is something that 's really unique : a pure instinct and naughty , a little boy who looks at a little bit of prejudice , a human being never lie .
Africa often .
Well , I can 't deny that there 's some tough moments in my family , the moments I wished to be like myself .
But I put my memory back to what I 've taught me about how , communication and love and love and I realize that this is what I 'm not going to change for normal .
It 's normal to miss the beauty that the difference for us and what we 're different is that we don 't mean one of us .
It means there 's a different kind of thing .
And if I can only get a piece for Remi and for Sam and give you , that 's you don 't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because there 's autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! Who brings us a gift , and in fact , pursuing the normal is the greatest potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and for the change that we 're trying to become like a different person .
Please -- don 't say I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Maybe you all agree with me is a beautiful street .
It 's built out of plastic , and the plastic is the kind of material that running on it is very smooth , but it 's not always the same time , especially in these days when it 's raining .
Then you can get water on the horizon .
And especially if you bicycle bikes , and crosses these cars are not good .
In addition , plastics are also more noise .
It 's a noise material , if we do the streets like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we want a quiet street .
The solution for the problem is to make the streets of plastic .
Traditional is the material we 're using to build most of the countries in the Netherlands , it 's liquid and water just through the hole , so all the rains will get out , and you 'll have a path
And noise also disappeared through the hole .
Because it 's empty , all noise will disappear , so it 's very quiet .
Of course , there 's still a lot of incarceration , and that 's the way of this sugar is the cracked of the cracks , the bubble can happen .
What 's the cracks ? You see it on the road of the bubble .
First of all you get a rock , then more and more , more and more , more , more and more , and then -- -- -- I won 't do that .
But they can steer your car , so you 're not happy with that .
And after the same , this crap is going to kill more .
Sometimes they make chicken .
Yeah . He 's ready .
The chicken , of course , can be a problem , but we have solutions .
It 's really like you see here that this material has a signature .
It 's plastic , as I said , you 've got a small amount of glue between rocks .
Under the impact of the weather , the sun radiation , this plastic state of plastic , the plastic layer of plastic , this piece of plastic blended between , and if you contract , it 's going to have a little cracks , and then
And if you drive up there , you 'll destroy these blocks -- like we 've seen here .
In order to solve this problem , we 've created materials .
If we created this self-assembly materials , we can find solutions .
What we can do is we can use a flock of steel with steel , and we 're cutting up the flush of steel , and we 're mixing these little pieces of steel , and we mix these little pieces of plastic .
So we have plastic mixed with very small steel .
And then you need a machine , as you can see here , is the machine used to cook -- a sensor from .
Thank you very much heat , especially steel is very good .
So what you do is you 're boiling steel , you 're making the bits of plastic , and it 's going to flow into these little cracks , and the rocks will stick up to the back .
Today I use a microwave mic , because I can 't bring the sensors from a bulky stage .
The waves also have the same system .
I 've been able to samples in the oven , now I 'll take it out , to check it out .
This is the prototype .
I said we invented a industrial machine as in the lab , to heat the samples .
In the lab we 've tried through a lot of samples , and then the government , they actually saw the results , and they said , " Well , that 's great . We have to try to see . "
And then they gave us a national route , 400 meters of A58 , here we had to build this new materials .
So that 's what we 've done here . You see the pathway that we 've done , and then of course , this path will exist in many years without any damage . That 's what we learn from real .
We 've taken lots of samples from this path and we try them in the lab .
So we 're aging , putting a lot of downloads on it , stick them back with the sensor , put them back and forth .
We can do it again .
And in fact , the conclusion comes from this research is that if we protect the four-year-olds in a four-year-old machine -- this is the size of the size we 've made it to make it -- if four years we
Well , in order to come back , I can tell you that we 've created a kind of steel materials using steel , add steel , using the heat of heat , to actually help increase the lifespan of the road , that 's twice as
Now you 're wondering whether it works .
We 're here . It 's pretty warm .
It 's supposed to let it cool down , and I showed you the effect of the solution .
But let me try .
Look . Well , it 's stick .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk about a confusing question that the answer is also very bad .
The topic is the secret of domestic violence , and the question I 'm asking is the question that people are always wondering : Why did she stay ?
Why should women have been around with their people ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social worker or a family expert .
I 'm just a woman who wants to share my story .
When I was 22 years old , I was at Harvard University .
I moved to New York City when I worked first writing and editing magazine for Seneventen .
When I first had my apartment , my American Express , and I had a big secret .
The secret is , this gun is flowning bullets in my head because my man who thought you were born , since this time .
My man was more love than everyone was guns and threatened to kill me when I didn 't remember it .
I 'm here to tell you about crazy love , a trapical trapage in the shell that millions of women and even a year .
This can be your story .
I don 't like a family mindset .
I 've got the English venture capital from Harvard University , and the marketing business of marketing from Wharon .
I spent my career working on the top of the United States as Johnson and Johnson , Leo Bennett and Washington .
I married with the second husband near 20 years and had three children .
My dog is like Black Lab , and I drive the Honda Odinese .
So the first thing I 'd like to tell you is that the family violence is happening with all the people , every religion , every level of income and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I want to say is that people think that violence happens to women , that 's the problem of women .
No .
More than 85 percent of the violence is men , and the violence of the family 's violence is just in the design , the long-term relationships , in other words , in the end of the family , where we want to look or see the
I said to myself , I was the other person on Earth who lived with men , but actually , I was a typical victim of my age .
I 'm only 22 years old , living in the United States , women from 16 to 24-year-old 24-hour risk of women 's violence than women in other ages , and on 500 women and girls here are killed every year by
I used to be a typical victim because I didn 't know what domestic violence , the warning signals or the model of it .
I met a night in a month , rain and cold .
He sat next to me in New York City , and he started to me .
He told me about two things .
One is he , like me , I 've graduated from Ivy League , and he 's working on a very impressive bank in Wall Street .
But the most impressive thing to me in the first meeting is he 's smart and he looks like a farmer .
He 's got these big cheeks , and he 's got a big cheek , and he 's got a big apple , and he 's kind of sweet .
One of the most smartest things that have done , from the beginning , is to create an illusion that I 'm a promising relationship .
He 's done this at the beginning of religion .
We started dating , and he loved me all the time that I was smart , that I chose Harvard , that I was the heat to help girls and work .
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , hope and dreams .
My ideal believe , as a writer and a woman in a way that nobody has ever had .
And he also created the magic air of the trust between us by getting his secretly , that he 's like a child from four-year-old , who 's been abused of his body and continuing by his father , and the
That explains why Ivy Le Leage and the work in Wall Street and his future of his creative future .
If you talk to me that men are smart , joyful , sensitive , people like me a day when I 'm page or not , my dress is short , where I live , where I 'm going to work , who 's my friend
I didn 't know that the first stage in any family 's violence is tempting and sex .
I don 't know that the second phase is the victim .
Now , Conor doesn 't come home to a day and announced that , " Hey , you know , all of this kind of Romeo and jacket is great , but I need to move to the next stage where I 'm
Instead , I 've got home in a Friday night and he said to me that he 's going to work on his dream today , and he says , he 's left for me , because I made him feel safe and love loved that he
Now , the last thing I want to do is leave the New York and my dream of dream , but I think you have to sacrifice my life , so I agree and break , I agree , I 'm going to leave Manhattan .
I don 't think I 've been working on a crazy love , that I 'm walking the first step into the psychological trap , the money , money and I 've been able to be careful .
The next step in this violence is to bring into violence and see how she reacted .
From here , guns come in .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where I 'm based on safe -- he bought three guns .
He kept a tree in the container of our car .
We 've got a sugar beneath our bedroom , and we 've always been in the middle of the bed .
And he said he needed these guns because the damage he had experienced in the past as a child .
He needed them to feel protected .
But these guns are actually a message for me , and even though he haven 't lifted my arm , but my life is in danger every day .
I was attacking me five days ago .
That 's when I was in the morning when I was sleeping .
I 'm blueing on the roof , I 'm trying to get a paper , and I 'm depressed , I 'm using my anger as my way to get two arms around my neck and I 'm going to be able to
Five days later , 10 bruises on my neck , and I 'm wearing my wedding dress , and married with him .
Despite what happened , I 'm sure we 're going to live happily because I love him and he also love me a lot .
And he 'd been very sorry .
He was really stressful for wedding and his family .
It 's an individual , and he 's never going to hurt me .
It happened two times in the moon .
For the first time , I 'm driving cars to find a secret beach , and I 'm lost , he 's very strong on my head , and I 'm very strong that I 'm going to hit the door of the car .
A few days later , when he 's driving home after the moon , he 's tired of cars , and he throws all the Big Mac in my face .
I 'm going to get two times a week for two months later and half years from married .
I was wrong when I thought I was the only case and I was alone in this story .
One third of the U.S. women went through the family violence or the Arab phase of the life and the CDC report shows 15 million children per year , 15 million .
So I was really in a very good company .
Back in my question : Why am I here ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know he 's violence .
Even he had a gun in my head , pushed me down to the floor , threatening my dog , pull the keys out of the car when I 'm driving into the highway of the Cindrinds on my head when I
Instead , I 'm a powerful woman in love with a man who has a problem , and I 'm the only person on the Earth can help him face .
The other question that people ask , why don 't you leave ?
Why don 't I go ? I can leave any time .
For me , that 's the sad question and pain , because we , the victims know something that you don 't know : it 's a terrible danger to leave a violence like that .
Because the final step in the family was killing her .
More than 70 percent of the domestic violence happened after the victims of the relationship , after she left , because then she executed it .
But the other consequence is being seen for long , even after the abuse of married ; it 's from the financial resources ; and the movement of the entire family system to make fear and her children , these children are often forced by constraints of
And we have continued to ask , why don 't she leave ?
I 've been able to leave , because of the end of the violence has been impressed from my left .
I realized that the man was love to kill me if I left him .
So I broke the silence .
I tell people : the police , the neighbors , my friends and my family , who are completely strange , and I 'm here today because you 're helping me .
We have the stereotype of the victim as the horrific headlines , women destroy themselves .
The question , " Why are you in ? "
It 's the reason for some people , " That 's her fault when it 's " like the victim of men who chose to destroy us .
But since the word " Crazy Love " I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who have left , who have learned a very valuable lesson of life , but what happened , and who builds life -- happiness -- fun ,
Because the fact that I 'm a typical victim of the family 's violence is the end of the family .
I 'm married with a male and good man , and we have three children .
I have the Blackber Lab and I have a Minivan .
What I never had half , forever was a gun in my head because someone said he loved me .
Right now , maybe you 're thinking , " Oh , this is great , " Oh , she 's stupid , " but all this time , I 've really talked about you .
I 'm sure that you 're listening to me at this time is people who are being abused or people who are abused when they 're small or abused themselves .
The compromise can affect your daughter , your girlfriend , your best friend right now .
I can end my crazy story by discovering silence .
I 'm going to break silence today .
This is how I help other victims , and this is my final request .
Let 's talk about what you heard here .
The contrary of fear in silence .
You have power to end up with a simple family force in a light .
We need victims .
We need you to understand the secret of domestic violence .
Pollowing the light of today by talking about it with your children , your colleagues , your friends and your family .
It 's about their life , but happiness , it 's worth the open future .
He knows the early signals of violence and the deceptions of conscience , reduce it down , just for the victim .
Together we can make our sleep beds and our families become peace and safe .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are about 10,000 birds in the world .
Kailing is one of the most important birds .
When you see a virgin like this , the first thing that happens in your head is , these are really disgusting creatures , ugly , eat and addressing the meat , you 're related to the politicians .
I want to change that perception . I want to change the feelings that you spend for these birds , because they need to come to our compassion . They really need .
I 'll tell you why .
First of all , why are they impressive ?
When Charles Darwin crossed the Pacific in 1832 from the Beagle , he saw the Turkette Turkey , he said , " These birds are disgusting with the head of shining redes that are created for a
You can 't get worse , and that 's from Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed the idea when he came back , let me tell you why .
They 've also been connected to Disney -- purely characterized , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 're watching the news in Kenya -- -- these are the attributes that are linked to the Keya . But I want to resist that .
I want to resistant because you know what ?
Because the landscape doesn 't keep the environment in clean .
The scene doesn 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're almost impossible to build a wife .
They were extinct .
And , what I like to do is , the keted broccoli .
There are two different kinds of votes on this planet .
These kinds of new Kids are found in the United States , like theodor and carcaras , where there 's 16 species . In these 16 species , there are 11 species .
So , why is it important ? First of all , they provide essential services . They clean up .
They 're actually the natural waste .
They clean up deadly .
They help kill bacteria . They help absorb infection that can spread and causing big loss of livestocks for other animals .
The most recent studies have shown in the areas that don 't have a dead-born , which is three to four times to degradation , and the big consequences from this is the spread of disease .
Kailing has a great history of their importance .
They were combined with ancient culture .
Nkhbet is the symbol of protective and mother , and with the tiger , they 're symbolizing the most elegance between M & amp ; Millions .
In the Hindu , Jatayu is the vultural god , he risked life to save the Sitaita from the Ravana .
In the Tibetical culture , they 're doing very important . In places like Tibet , there 's no place for dead people , or there 's no wood to burn them , so the humiliation offers a natural natural
So what 's the adormer ?
We 've got eight kettles in Kenya , and there are six species that are threatened with high risk .
The reason is that they 're headed , they 're dominated , because there 's the winners between the people and the wild world . The communities community are using these toxins to use these toxic animals but instead of predators ,
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four humilized enemies are listed in the list of high-risk list , which means that they 're less than 10 or 15 years to touch the extinction and so that they
This drug has been banned in India in India .
Because there 's no caves , so there 's no spread of the number of wild dogs in the parts of the animals that you 've got a dog , you 've got a huge bombard bomb on the disease . The number of
Kenya 's going to have the largest wind in Africa with 353 engines that will be installed in Lake Turkana .
I don 't reflect the wind energy , but we need to collaborate with government , because the wind incentives make these birds . They cut .
They 're crushed bird .
In West Africa , there 's a terrible trade trajectory of the magician market and spells .
So what did we do ? We 're doing research on these birds . We 're putting the signals into them .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and in the place where they come .
We can see them moving to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on problems on the scale , it won 't help you .
We need to collaborate with the government level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about respecting kings that need to operate in honor these great creatures and benefits that they bring .
How do you do it ? You can become a dynamic person , create a voice . You can write for your government and tell them that we need to focus on these things that are misunderstanding . It 's a little bit of message .
When you stepped out of this room , you 'll get information about the classical birds , but let 's talk to your family , your neighbor , your neighbors .
They 're very adequate . Charles Darwin said he changed the idea because he saw them flying as a little bit of power in the sky .
Kenya , this world , it 's much more poor if there 's no great animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a morning I woke up when I heard the sound of my house .
My father was listening to the BBC on his little gray radio .
He 's a very big smile , which is very unusual because he 's often sadly .
He said , " The Taliban went ! "
I didn 't know , but I could see that my father was very happy .
" Now you can actually go to school . "
One morning I couldn 't forget .
A real school .
You know , the Taliban come to invaded Afghanistan since I was six years old and prevent girls .
In the next five years , I was eating as a son to go to my sister to a secret school because she was banned from my house .
That 's the only way we can go .
Every day , we 're going to go different ways to not have any doubt about our destiny .
We hiding books in the market like that people would think we just go shopping .
That school in a house , more than 100 of our children in a small living room .
It 's pretty warm in winter , but the summer is hot .
We all know that our own risk of teachers , students and our parents .
There 's a few times , the suddenly closed school closed a week because the Taliban suspects .
We always wondered what we knew about us .
Can we be tracked ?
Do they know where we are ?
We were very afraid , but we still wanted to go to school .
I 'm very lucky to be taught in a very important family and girls who are important .
My grandfather was a remarkable person at that time .
One man was completely ruined from a far away from Afghanistan , and he was hucked to his daughter , my mother got to school , and so he had his father .
But my mother had education to be a teacher .
She 's here .
She retirees two years ago to use our house to open school for girls and women in neighbors .
And this is my father 's first person in his family .
No doubt he 's going to be education , including his daughter , regardless of the Taliban , and despite the danger .
For him , you don 't learn a greater danger .
In the Taliban , I remember that there were times when I was angry about our lives and fear and didn 't see the future .
I wanted to get out of school , but my father , he would say , " Listen , you can lose everything on this life .
The money can be robbed . You can be forced to leave the house in the war .
But one thing that 's going to happen forever is something in here , and if we 're forced to sell blood to pay for obesity , we 're going to do that .
So do you want to continue ?
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I 've grown up in a country that has been destroyed by decades .
Less than six percent of the women I was learned after high school , and if my family didn 't talk about my school , I became one of them .
But what I 'm proud to stand here is a graduating student at the Middburgh .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was left by his family because he dared his daughter to school , was one of the first people who celebrated me .
He didn 't show up my degree , but I was the first woman , and I was the first woman , and I was the first woman who could carry him on the streets in Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed big , but my family wished to me .
So I 'm a global mission for 1010 , this is global movement to education .
So I helped to make SOLA , the first school , and the only thing for girls in Afghanistan , a country that 's still dangerous for girls to school .
I 'm very excited to see my students at the time to get this opportunity .
And I saw my parents and father like my father , supporting them , regardless and even if they were having a lot of difficulty .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I can 't tell his face , but Ahmed is my father 's father .
Less than a month , he and his daughter was on the way to SOLA from their village , and they were really shredded for a bomb on a few minutes .
When he was going to go home , phone calls , a threatening talk , if he continued his daughter to school , they would try again .
He said , " If you want to kill me , but I 'm not going to destroy my daughter 's future , because of the post-portant ideas . "
I 've now seen about Afghanistan , and this is something that 's been left in the West , which is behind most of us who are a value of their daughter 's value and people see their success as their own success .
This is not a mother who doesn 't matter in our success .
In fact , they 're the first person , and they 're persuading for a creative future of their daughter , but in social situations like Afghanistan , we need to come to the support of men .
In the Taliban , girls come to the hundreds of people who remember , that 's illegal .
But today , more than three million women are in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks very different from the United States .
I find that Americans see the weakness , in changes .
I 'm afraid that all of these changes will not be after the U.S. military .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , when I saw students in my school and their parents supporting them , encouraging them , I saw a promising future and change would exist .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , the ability to limit , and every day of SOLA reminds me about that .
Like , they have big dreams .
Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a phone also gives you freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can record the images of human rights in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can post a message on Tweeter and start to participate in a government protest in Egypt .
And also with a phone you can record a song , upload it to SoundCo and become famous .
All of that is possible with your mobile phone .
I was a kid of 1984 , and I lived in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , in this city .
You can see here how thousands of people stand up and graph for change .
It 's in 1989 , and let 's imagine the people who stood up and performing that change has a mobile phone in the pocket .
Who in the audience have mobile phones ?
Please raise it up .
Please raise your phone up , raise your phone .
Let 's raise it up . A Android phone , Blackberry , wow .
A lot . Today , most of us have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself and my phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There 's about 35830s .
The pure information .
But why is that information here ?
The reason is that the summer of 2006 , the European Commission , the European Committee has proposed an official market .
It 's called the archive of data .
This is just showing that each of the telecommunications in Europe , each of the Internet service of the Internet in Europe , has to store a huge amount of information about people .
Who 's who call whom ? Who sent someone email ?
Who sent anyone to mobile messages ?
And if you use mobile phones , this is where the problem exists .
All of this information has been stored at least six months , until two years by the Internet , you 're using or the Internet service .
And in Europe , the people stood up and said , " We don 't want that . "
They said , we don 't want this personal information .
We wanted to get the freedom of digital technology , and we didn 't want that the telecommunications and the Internet service provider all our information .
They 're lawyers , journalists and all of them , all say , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 10,000 people marched on the streets of Berlin and they 're free , not afraid .
And some people say , it 's like Stas 2.0 .
Stasi is the police force in Eastern Germany .
I used to ask myself , did it work ?
Can they record our whole information ?
Every time we use our mobile phone ?
So I asked my revolution to use , Deutsche Telkom , the supplier of Germany at the time , and I asked them , please , please send me my entire information that they 've stored .
I asked them to send me one time , and I went on to ask , but what I got was just a clear answer . Blah blah .
But then I said , I wanted to get these information , because they were stored my life .
And I decided to send the case to the building , because I wanted to get these information .
But Deutsche Telsek said , no , we won 't give you this information .
And finally , I had a deal with them .
I 'm going to destroy the event , and they 'll give me the information I love .
Because at that time , the state of the federal constitutional account that was just the market of the European Commission , there was no power in Germany .
So I got this beautiful brown envelope with a CD in the inside .
And on the CD , what I need to be recorded on it .
358 blocks of information .
First I looked at it , and I said , okay . It 's a big data . Good .
But then I realized , this is my whole life .
This is my life in six months , which was recorded in this data .
Then I wonder , what should I do with it ?
Because I can see where I 've been there , where I sleep every night , what I did .
But then I said , I wanted to do this information .
I want it to be known by the public .
Because I 'd like to show people what the data looks like .
So for Zeit Online and Open Data City , I do the same thing .
These are live images of life in six months have been recorded .
You can zoom in or collect it , you can reverse it or faster or faster .
You can see my step .
You can even know me to Frankfurt with a fire to Cologne , and the frequency I call the communication between those two places .
It 's all possible with these information .
I had a fear .
But that information is not just about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First of all , it 's just like this , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk to each other three times .
And then some of you call me , they call each other .
Once you call you , and you call you , and you 're going to have this big communication network .
But you can see how we communicate with each other , when they go to sleep .
You can see all that .
You can see the most important parts , like leaders in a group .
If you have access to these information , you can see the activity of the community , society .
If you have access to these information , you can control society .
This is a design map for countries like China or Iran .
This is a drawing of how to look at society because you know how people talk to people , who have sent emails , all that if you have access to this information .
And these information is stored at least six months in Europe , until two years .
As I said when I started , imagine if all of these people on the streets of Berlin in 1989 , there was a mobile phone in the pocket .
And maybe Stasi would know who was involved in this demonstration , and if Stasi knew who was the leader behind it , then it would never happen .
The collapse of the Berlin may not exist .
And if that , maybe the collapse of the irony in the cold War is not there .
Because today , function agencies and companies want to record the information that they 're getting better , more online and online .
They want to be able to track our lives , and therefore they want to record these information at all time .
The mastery and living in the digital age of technology is not conflicting .
What you should do is fight for your freedom today .
And you have to fight for it every day .
Then , when you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and that 's not a mistake .
When you go back home , let 's talk to you about their representatives , because companies and the function of the specific information , although they don 't necessarily do that .
And if you don 't believe me , let 's ask the Internet to provide information that they 've stocked .
So in the future , every time you use your phone to remind you that you have to fight for the individual compassion in this age .
Thank you .
Photography is my passion since I grew up with a camera , but today I want to share with you 15 images that I appreciate , and I don 't take any of them .
There 's no artwork , there 's no models , not even care about light .
In fact , most of them are taken by travelers .
The story started when I went to New York City to participate in a speech and my wife took a picture of my first birthday . We stood at 57 and five .
We happened to go back to New York City a year later , so we decided to take a picture .
You can see where the story is .
When I was going to go to my third birthday , my wife , my wife said , " Why don 't you get Sabway to New York to do a travel tour of my father and daughter , and then continue to " old knowledge ?
Since then we started to travel through the tour .
You know , your camera empowerment for a completely popular person in the world is remarkable .
There 's no one rejection , and fortunately there 's no one who runs our camera .
And then , we didn 't know how to change our lives .
It became sacred to us .
This was taken a few weeks after 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what was happening in the ways that a five-year-old child could understand .
These pictures are not just represent a moment , or a special journey .
They 're how we 're going to stop in a week of October , thinking about our time and how we change every year , not just about physical , but about everything .
Because even though we took a picture , but our view changed , my daughter got a new point , and I was looking at her life through her eyes , how it looked at everything .
About the time we 're focused on this is something that we value and expect for all years .
Recently , in a journey , we 're walking around , my daughter suddenly stopped between the road , and it 's just to the red line of the Bageye that it 's very interested in the front of us .
She described to me five-year-old , when she was at the right place .
It said that it remembers my heart out of the cage when it saw it first nine years ago .
And now what it 's seeing in New York is universities , because it decided to go in New York .
And I realized : one of the most important things that we create is memory .
So I 'd like to share the idea of a movement in creating memory .
I don 't know what you are , but out of 15 pictures , I don 't show a lot in my family .
I 'm always a photograph .
So today I want to encourage everybody to be in the picture , and don 't take a lot of obstacles to someone , and ask , " Do you help us ? "
Thank you .
I 'd never forget my grandmother 's honor -- she died in the shallow , " Hey , let 's fight Gadafi . Let 's fight him .
But don 't make a kind of Gadafi revolution . "
It 's almost two years since the Khan War , which means that in Library , bypassed by hybrid wave on the top of Tunisia and Egypt .
I 've been involved in forces and Libya to call the day of the anger and to start a start against the Gadafi .
And that 's a great revolution .
Southern young men stood on the frontier of the government , raise high-looking languages , dignity , social justice .
They 've shown a mirror of compassion in the beginning of the violence of Gadafi .
They 've shown that a glimpse of glimpse from the east to west and stretched up to the south .
Finally , after six months of polio with the injury to 50,000 people we 've managed to manage our country and flipped the Heart .
However , Gaddafi has left a burden , a legacy of institutions , corruption and gases .
In the last four decades , the vadium of Gadafi has destroyed the infrastructure as culture and culture of Libya .
The perception of the destruction and the challenges , I 'd like , how many women are , the re-grading civil society of Libya , calls the whole and the process of moving into democracy and national entertainment .
It 's almost 200 organizations built in Behhazi during that time and soon after Gadafi collapse -- almost 300 in Tipoli .
After 33 years of forgiveness , I went back to Libya , with the most toxic divorce , I started to organize classes , develop human skills .
Together a great group of women , I cobbed the Council of Libya Service because of women 's movement , leaders from all the different parts of society , to enabled the empowerment of social rights for women and
I 've been in a very difficult situation for the election , a very , very , very positive environment , a environment that 's shaped by the political and politically .
I 'm leading an architect from the Libya Service Council for the wandering for a lobby of the election , the law that can bring to the citizens , whether they come to the citizens , whether they 're
Finally , our innovation has been accepted and successful .
Women won 17 and a half percent of the United States in the first election in 52 years .
However , a little bit of a little bit , the excitement from the election and the revolution of the overall revolution -- when every day we woke up with violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient template and the grave of Sufi .
The other day we woke up with the news of the American mission and the attacks of leadership .
On the other day we woke up with news about the military mindset .
And every day , every day we woke up with the rule of the armed forces and their communication of human rights with the prisoners , as the respect of their laws .
Our society , formal by revolutionary thinking , becoming more different and far away from the ideal , the rules of freedom , dignity , social equality that we pursue at the beginning .
It doesn 't matter , exceptions and reports become the symbol of the beginning .
I won 't have a inspiration for you with the success story of creating a key list and election .
And I came here to admit that we -- the whole country had been wrong , decided wrong .
We didn 't prioritize citizens .
Because elections don 't bring peace , stability or security for Libya .
Will the lock and the connection between men and women have brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , no .
So what did it help ?
Why is society that we continue to be a polar society and treaty by the political politics of the political and eliminating , because both men and women ?
Maybe lack of survival is not only about women 's rights , but also women 's values about compassion , tolerance , tolerance .
Our society needs a national conversation and the prosperity of building is more than the elections , just to increase the polarization and divided .
Our society needs the quality of the world is more than the numbers and the number of feminism .
We need to stop acting as anger , stopping the day .
We need to start act like compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a women 's discussion , not just honor , but also to do a tolerance for the enemies , instead of competing , instead of competing .
These are the necessary ideas that a country has been destroyed by Libya as well as possible to get peace .
Because peace is like the needle , it 's needed to come to the interconnect between men and women .
That 's the real key .
And we need to establish the rest of life before we do political politics .
According to a poem in the Koran " Salam " -- peace -- " is " from God 's God 's content , tolerance . "
And then , from "heem " is known for the tradition of Abraham 's tradition in the Arab region , " which is " " -- " -- giving women " -- surrounded by women -- where men and women , from all tribes , all
And because of the embryonic plants are growing in it , the sacred matrix of life .
So we 're taught to say , " Our tolerance is full of things . "
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance won the anger . "
May each of us is graceful of tolerance .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I went through a little bit like Alice in the first Liberia .
Penn State University asked me , a teaching teacher to teach a course for engineering students .
I was very afraid .
It 's really frightening . It 's a big student , big books and all the strange words .
But when the exchange opened , I 've experienced something that Alice has gone through her cave and discovered the door to a new world .
It 's just what I feel when I 'm talking about students , I 've been amazed in their ideas , and I want other people to experience this first place .
I believe that the key to the world is the ability to communicate .
We 're incredibly effective with scientists and engineers to change the world .
The scientists and engineers are the people who are confronted with the biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health , and more , if we don 't know and don 't understand that , it 's not going to be done , and
But the intervention can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't invite us into their own .
The scientists and engineers , eight stories with us .
I 'd like to share a couple of things to make sure that we see the science of charming , sexy , hot engineering .
The first question is : What ?
Why science is related to us .
Don 't just say that you study the bone , but let 's say you 're looking at the bone , it 's like the nets that make our bones , because we need to know how to understand the dilitation .
When you describe science , be careful when you use language .
The words that prevent us to understand his ideas .
Certainly , " Patopia and " why don 't use " Admace and heart . "
It 's easy to understand that it 's not low .
Instead , as the U.N. said , it 's more simple , but don 't simpler .
It 's clear that you can talk about scientific issues without breaking the idea .
So care about giving examples , storytelling , which is the ways to engage and make us interesting what you say .
And when you present , don 't use the bricks .
Have you ever wondered why call them " bricks " ?
When 's the bricks ? Guting is cleaning , kills ! They 're going to kill his presentation .
A slide like this , not boring , but it 's too much dependent on the language of the brain , which makes us sick .
Instead , this slide of Genevi Browne Brown actually understands . It shows the special structure of the bone that 's really inspired by the unique design of the pyramid .
And the trick here is to use simple sentences and read the audience can be based on that if they don 't keep up , and then use the visual images to help us understand more than the things that are shown .
I think this is just a couple of things that help us open the door and see the first of science and technology .
My engineers worked with me to know the condoms , so I wanted to summarize with a equation .
Take the " science " unless you go , " " and " term " and " " " " and " gratification , " which is shared with the audience , then with " passion " which you 're doing , " will give the results that
And so , the scientists and engineers , when you solve this process , by all , say eight things with me .
Thank you .
Hi . I 'm Cameron Russell , and for short time , I 'm a prototype .
In fact , in 10 years .
And I felt that there was a very uncomfortable pressure in this room , because I should not wear this shrimp .
Fortunately , I have a different map .
This is the first time there 's the TED stage , so I think you 're very lucky to see this .
If some of the women feel frightening when I came out , you don 't tell me where I 'm right now , but then I 'm going to know Twitter .
I realize I 'm very lucky to change what you think about in 10 seconds .
Nobody has an opportunity to do this .
These high-heel shoes are uncomfortable , I don 't define them .
The worst part is this long-term shirt , because you 're laughing , so don 't do anything when it 's on my head .
All right .
Why do I do that ?
It 's really weird .
In fact , hopefully it 's not so much like this .
It 's very powerful , but it 's also a fake .
I 've just changed absolutely what you think about me for six seconds .
And in this picture , I didn 't have any son in real life .
And I felt very uncomfortable at that moment , and photography told me that I was holding my back and put his hair on his hair .
And of course , except the surgery , or the sunshore that I have two days ago to take pictures , there 's very few things that we can do to change our appearance , and look out of our surface , although it 's
So today , with me , no fear of being true .
And I stood on this stage because I was a prototype .
I 'm standing on this stage because I 'm beautiful , a white woman , and in the model , we call it a charming girl .
And I 'm going to answer questions that people are always asking me , but with true .
The first question is , how do I become a model ?
And I always said , " Oh , I 'm discovered , but it doesn 't mean anything .
In fact , I became a model because I won a lottery , and I 'm a person who 's been able to get the assets , and maybe you 're wondering what it is .
In the last decades , we 've defined beauty is not only healthy and youth and the weight that we 've been programmed about biology to desire but the heights and women and white and white .
This is the legacy that 's built for me and that 's what I 'm making money on it .
I know there 's some of you who are skeptical , and maybe there are some beautiful models like , " Wait . Naoma . Joan Smalls . Li Liuen . "
I want to compress the amplification of your models . Very impressive .
But unfortunately , I 've got to tell you about 2007 , a Ph.D. student in New York University is all the models on the floor , and in 677 people who are hired only 27 percent , less than four percent ,
The next question that people always ask me is , " Can you become a model when you grow ? "
And my first answer is , " You don 't know , you don 't know , you don 't know . "
But the next answer that I really wanted to say to girls , " Why ? "
You know ? You can become anyone .
You can become the U.S. president , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a psychologist who is a cardiovascular surgeon , will be great , because I 'm going to be the first person to do it .
If , after an interesting list , you still say , " No , Cameron , I want to be a model , " I 'm going to say , " Do your boss . "
Because you have no power , you can be the editor of Vogue in the United States or President of H & amp ; M , or Steven Meis .
In fact , you want to be a prototype when you grow up like you want to hit the ticket when you grow .
It 's out of control , and it 's great , but it 's not a career path .
I 'm going to prove to you -- with 10 years of experience that I 've accumulate when I 've done models , because it 's not like the heart surgeon , so it 's just a short time .
If photography is standing here , there 's a beautiful interface , and when the customer says , " Cameron we want to take a picture , " So that 's what it 's going to go , " So this legs go ahead
It 's like this .
Hopefully it 's less than a picture in the middle .
I don 't know what happens at that time .
And unfortunately after you 're finished , you write a couple of things , you can 't say anything else , because if you want to be the president of the U.S. , but you 're going to record : " 10 years ,
The next question that people always ask me , " Is it all the pictures are correct ? "
Right , it 's almost all the pictures that are edited , but it 's just a small element in what 's happening .
This is one of the first images that I 've ever taken , and the first time I took a shower , and then I hadn 't even had a period of time .
I know that we 're going into a personal story , but I 'm a little girl .
This is my appearance , my grandmother 's next few months .
This is me in the same day when I photographed the picture .
My friend went to me .
This is me at a few days ago when I took Vogue French .
This is me with the football team in V.
And this is me now .
I hope that you see -- these images are not my image .
These are images that are built , and it 's built by a group of experts , barbershopists , photographer , photographer and pioneers and all their assistance , and all of their assistants , and they create this . It 's
The next question I 've been asked , " What are you for free ? "
I 've got a lot of my 20-centimeter shoes that I 've never brought , I 've never been exception , but the free things that I 've got to get out of my life , and that 's what we
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to the store , and I forgot the money and they gave me free for a shirt .
When I was a teenager , I sat in a friend of a friend who was a very scary driver , and she 'd crossed the red light , and we 'd been stopped , and all I 've done is saying , " S
I have the free stuff that 's because of my appearance , not because I 'm people who are willing to spend a lot of money on their surface , not because they are .
I live in New York , and last year , in 140,000 teenagers are arrested , there 's 86 percent of the black and Latin , the majority of teenagers .
In New York , there 's only 177,000 black people and Latinos , so for them , the question is , " Do I get caught ? "
It 's " How many times I 'm going to be ? "
When I was preparing for this talk , I discovered that 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in America don 't like their body , and this number up to 78 percent when they were 17 .
The final question that people ask me is , " How do you feel when you 're a model ? "
I think what they want to hear is , " If you thin a little bit , and your hair is more happy , you 're very happy . "
And when we were behind the chicken , we came up with the same answer .
" It 's great to travel , and work with creative people and enthusiasm . "
And that 's true , but it 's just half , because what we never talked about before the lens , which I never said before , " I 'm safe . "
I was safe because I had to think about my image every day .
And you 'll never ask yourself , " If your thighs and your hair is better , so you 'll be happier ? "
You just need to meet a group of people , because they have the best legs , the best hair and the most beautiful objects , and they can be the most safe women on this planet .
When I wrote this statement , I felt very hard to find the balance of balance , because one hand , I felt very uncomfortable to say , " I got all these things because I was lucky , " and I felt really hard to follow with the sentence
But mostly , it 's hard to dismiss the world of gender and ethnic problems while I 'm one of the biggest benefits .
But I 'm also happy and honored to me that I think it 's lucky that I 've been in the last 10 , 20 or 30 years , and I 've been working with a lot of companies in my career , because I
If there 's something in this conversation , I hope it 's all that we 're all more comfortable with the power of the form of success and our failure .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
We don 't touch every person around , so there 's a lot of wisdom that 's never known , whether we share public spaces .
So over the last few years , I 'm trying to share a lot more with my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paper , paper and pollen .
And these projects come from the questions that I put , like , my neighbors have to pay for their apartment ?
How do we borrow and borrow more things that don 't type the door in the bad time ?
How do we share more than our memories of our abandoned buildings , and we get better understanding our context ?
And how do we share more than our hope for the bankers , so our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I love New Orleans .
My mind is always being sought by the oak tree , the balls of the people who are in love , the people who are in love , and the nightmares , and I believe in the city that always creates music .
I felt like every time someone was laughing , New Orleans had a whole journey .
The city has some most beautiful architecture in the world , but it also has a certain amount of value in America .
I live close to this house , and I think I can make it a better place for my neighborhood , and I think about something that can change my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost a friend of mine .
Her name is Joan , and she 's a mother to me , and her death is unexpected and not .
And I thought about a lot of death , and this made me feel deep for the time that I had , and I brought the clarity for my life .
But I struggled to keep this perspective in my everyday life .
I feel like it 's easy to capture the last day , and forget about what really matters to you .
So with the help of the old friends and new friends , I moved one side of this wild building into a huge amount of pollen and caring it with a greeting story : " Before I die , I want to ... " let anyone go
I don 't know what to look like from this trial , but on the next day , the wall was completely covered , and it continued to grow .
And I want to share some things about what people write on that wall .
" Before I die , I want to eat . "
" Before I die , I want to be in the middle of the International Day . "
" Before I die , I wanted to sing for millions of people . "
" Before I die , I wanted to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live outside . "
" Before I die , I wanted to get her to once again . "
" Before I die , I want to be someone 's mouth . "
" Before I die , I want to finish myself . "
So this space has become an artificial space , and the hope and the dreams of people who make me laughed , tears , and they comfort me during our tough time .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone .
It 's about understanding people around us in new ways and light .
It 's about creating space for reflecting and contemplating , and remember what really means to us when we grow and change .
I made this project last year , and I started to get hundreds of letters from people who wanted to make a wall in their community , so the people in the community , and I did a tool , and now the walls were being done in the world
Together , we 've shown our public spaces , how powerful we can be able to get a chance to have a voice and share more with a different person .
The most important thing we have is time and relationship with others .
In the age of increase our distribution , this is more important than ever to find ways to keep the perspective and remember that life is short and soft .
The death is something that we 're not encouraged to talk about or even think about , but I 've found that the death is one of the most powerful things you can do .
Think about your life .
Our spaces can be better than reflecting what happens to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fear and narratives , people around us not only can help us do better places , they can help us lead us
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I 've done math and this is a different problem for anyone who 's going to math , which is that we 're like managers .
Nobody knows what we do .
So I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Well , dance is one of the activities that humans do .
We love the dancers of Police and Diff typing your legs .
The three requirements require a special expertise and high-performance and high-definition levels of this subject to the genetic element .
It 's sad , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease to destroy this special ability , like what 's happening to me Janrippling , who 's once a three-looking artist .
Over the last few years has a huge improvement in treatment .
However , 6.3 million people on the entire global disease , and they have to live in a dilemma , shaking , shaking and other symptoms that go along with this disease . What we need is tools for survival to detect before
We need to measure progressively , and eventually , the only way we know when we actually have a treatment , is when we have an accurate approach to answer .
But sadly , with Parkinson 's disease and other disorders , they don 't have a biodegradation , so there 's no simple blood test method that you can do , and the best we have is this neurological test
You need to go to the hospital to do it . It 's very expensive , which means that this is beyond clinical trials , it 's never done .
But if the patient can do this in the house ?
That 's really going to be free to go to the clinic , and if the patient can do it again , what ?
It doesn 't cost the gold of the staff .
It 's only about 300 dollars , but it 's going to do this in the clinic in neuroscience .
So what I 'd like to propose to you is a traditional way that we can achieve this , because you see , at least in some direction , we 're all like Janine friends .
Here we have a video of the shattering seconds .
It 's healthy and somebody who 's talking about , and we can see ourselves like the three-packs , because we 've got to incorporate all the things that produce sound , and we all have the genes for that .
It 's like three pounds it needs to be trained .
I mean , think of how long it takes a child to say .
From the sound , we can actually track the spotlight when vibrations , when you 're affected by Parkinson 's , the sound agencies .
So in the lower graph , you can see an example of the vibrations of the wheel .
We see the same symptoms .
We see a shaking voice , debilitating and solid fibers .
The speech becomes more depression and more winds after a while , and that 's one of the symptoms of it .
These sound effects can really be really hard to detect , in some cases , but with any digital media , and use software analysis to combine with new mechanics , which is advanced , we can determine how much accurate people say , in the middle of health
So how do these trials based on this voice compared to the clinical trial ? Both are not involving each other .
The experience of neuroscience is not invading . They all use the infrastructure .
You don 't have to design a whole new hospital system to do this .
And it 's both accurate . But one more thing , experiment based on the voice doesn 't matter .
That means it can be done .
It 's fast , only about 30 seconds .
The low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something became extremely cheap , it would be popular .
So this is a great number that I think we can do now .
We can reduce the need for patients .
It 's not going to go to the clinic to check .
We can do the observations with high frequency to get the data .
We can do the employment of a series of low cost to do clinical trial clinical trial , which is based on the first time .
We have a chance to start looking for the beginnings of the disease before it 's too late .
So , to do the first step towards this , we 're making the process of Parkinson 's .
With Aculab and Pat PatentiLike , we aimed to record the voice with a very large number of data to collect data and start four goals .
We have local communities that can access to three percent of a billion people on the planet .
Anyone who 's healthy or Parkinson 's disease can call it cheap , and to record , some cents per time , and I 'm really happy to announce that we 've achieved six percent of the goal in eight hours .
Thank you .
Tom Riely : So Max , by taking all the models for 10,000 people , can you tell who healthy and who ?
What are you going to conclude from these models ?
Max Little : Yeah . Well , what 's going to happen is , when you call you a disease or not .
You see , some people can 't do that . Maybe they don 't call it .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of data that collects from all of these different cases , and the results that are in different cases is important because then we look at the underlying elements , and find the real signs of this disease .
So at the right level is 86 percent ?
More than that .
In fact , my student Thanasis , I had to praise him , because he did some amazing work , he proved that this could be done through the mobile phone , which allows this project to be done , and exactly what 's
Nine nine . Yeah , a progress .
So what that means is that people will be able to -- people can call their mobile phone and do this test , and people who have Parkinson 's disease , documenting their voice , and then the doctors can test their development , see their health
Exactly .
Thank you very much . Han Maxle Little .
Thank you very much , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is the Southern South : the wine store , fast food , wild land .
So the city planes come together and they 're going to change the South China to make it different . So they 're going to change the South Langes , as if it 's going to solve problems in the city .
This is South Los Angeles .
The alcohol store , fast food , wild .
It 's like 26 and a half million Americans , I live in a food desert , South Central L.A. , the house of the L.A. , the house of the food on the road and the car accident .
What 's interesting is that fast food on the road is killing more people than the accident and running out .
In South Los Angeles , people are dying of diseases that can be treated .
For example , obesity rate in the region I 'm at five times more than Beverly Hills , where it 's about 16 kilometers .
I 'm boring to see this .
And I wondered , how do you feel when there 's no food for health , when every time you get out of your door , you have to see bad effects that the food systems are making for where you live ?
I saw the wheelchair that was sold like the old car .
I see the blood centers grow up like Starbucks .
And I realized that it had to end .
I realize that the problem is solutions .
It 's a problem and food is solutions .
For me , I 'm also feeling tired of driving 45 minutes to buy an apple that doesn 't exist .
What I did was plant a food forest in front of the house .
It 's on a boat that we call a walk .
It 's more than three feet long .
The problem is , that land is about cities .
But you have to look at it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want , because that 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . "
And this is how I 'm looking at that land .
I 'm with my team , the blue pieces of L.A. , we 're together and we 're starting to grow the food forest : eat plants , you know , nine of them .
We 're a group of shared leaders , including the gardeners from many different lives , from everywhere in the city , and they 're completely praying , and everything we do free .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
And then there 's complaining .
The city came to me , and I was giving me a writer , asking me to break down the garden . That 's after the building .
And I was like , " Come on , really ? "
A most of the building because of the trees on the ground that people don 't care about ? "
And I said , " All right . "
Because this time doesn 't come .
And then the L.A. Times received the news , Steve Lopz wrote a paper about it , and the table with the general commission , and one of the members of the blue pieces send a petition on Change.org.
We had a winner .
The Commission of that community is even calling and saying that they 're passionate about what we 're doing .
I mean , why ?
L.A. U.A. led to the United States of the wild area of ownership .
They owned 42 kilometers away .
That 's the equivalent of 20 times the center .
enough to grow 725 million tomatoes .
How can they not agree ?
A tree is going to give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
When there 's green , there 's a dollar that will give you the equivalent of 75 dollars .
That 's my faith , when I tell people , let 's grow food for me .
The food is also the same print .
I have a legacy in the South .
I grew up there . I raised my son there .
And I refused to make a part of what 's done , which is created for me by some other people , and I 'm actually creating myself .
I 'm an artist .
My garden is my art . I grew my work .
It 's like an artist , the car for the walls , I , I , I 'm the car for the lawns , walking .
I use the garden , the land as a canvas , and the plant and the trees are what I 'm going to put on the fabric .
You 're going to be surprised with what the land can do if you turn them into the fabric .
You can 't imagine how wonderful the sun is and how they affect people .
So what happened ?
I witnessed my garden as a education tool , a tool for the transformation of my land .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the soil .
We are land .
You 're surprised to see how kids are affected .
The garden is the most effective treatment and the challenge you can do , especially in the form .
Go back , you get the straw .
I remember once , there was a mother and a daughter , and it was about 10 : 30 and they were in my garden , and then I went out and they were very embarrassed .
I thought , oh , I felt very bad because they were there , and I told them , two people know , don 't need to do that .
This garden is on the street .
I feel embarrassed to see that there are people in my neighborhood , which is still hungry , and it 's only more than I 'm going to do this . People ask me , " Finin , you 're not afraid to eat
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're on the road .
The whole idea is that .
I want them to take them , but at the same time , I want them to get their health . "
There was another time when I was gardening at a homeless shelter in Los Angeles .
There are men , they help me get rid of the truck .
It 's very happy , and they share the stories about the garden that affects them and they 've been planted with her mother , with her before , and it 's great to see this idea has changed them , whether it 's just
So the blue flowers have continued to grow about 20 garden .
We 've got about 50 people to go to school , and we 're all praying .
If the kids grow , they 're going to eat it .
If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
But if you don 't show them , if they don 't see the effects of food to the brain and the body , they 're blind , they 're going to eat anything in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they 're busy doing something -- I see the colorful kids , and they 're just going to follow the road , where no lead .
With gardening , I see a chance that we can guide their communities , and there 's a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows ?
Maybe we 're going to produce George Washington Carver .
But if we don 't change the part of the soil , we never do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I want to do .
I wanted to grow a garden where people could share food .
I 'd like to take away thetennae and turn them into a coffee cafe .
Don 't understand me .
I 'm not talking about free , because it 's not sustainable .
The interesting thing about sustainability is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about trading jobs for people , and drag them out of the street , and giving them joy , proud and honor to grow food for themselves , open for farmers .
What I want to do here , we 're going to make it really remind .
I 'd like all of us to become green-positive , gardeners .
We 'll change the concept of gloves .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a gloves .
How do you get your gloves , right ?
And let 's turn it into weapons .
Basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet , don 't call me if you want to sit on the bench and join meetings where you talk about doing this where you talk about doing this .
If you want to meet me , let 's go back to your edge and we 'll grow something .
Hi . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya to the Nairobi .
On the back of my father 's cow , and behind the cow , is the Nairobi park .
The National University of Nairobi does not have a barrier in the area of the South , which means wild animals like horses out of the park .
And so the animals eat meat like lions follow them , and this is what those lions do .
They kill our cattle .
This is one of the cow was killed in the dark , and when I woke up in the morning I found it died , and I felt very sad , because it was the only male that we had .
My community , Maasai , believe that we come from paradise with all of our animals and all the land to keep them , that 's why we 're very important .
So I grew up with lions .
The Masters who protect our community and cattle , are very concerned about this .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is the reason that lions in Nairobi is very little .
Every son from six to nine years old , in my community , responsible for my father 's cow , and I have to do the same thing .
So I have to figure out how to solve this problem .
The first idea that I 've got is used fire , because I think the fear of fire .
But then I realized that fire doesn 't really work , because it 's even helping to see the cow .
But I didn 't leave . I kept thinking .
And my second idea is to use a compensation .
I tried to deceive those lions [ to ] think I stood near the cow .
But lions are smart .
They go to the first day and see the compensation , and then they go back , but the second day , they come and say it 's not moving , it 's always there .
And then the lions jumped and killed the cattle .
So in a night , I holding a tinching tree around the cow , on that day , these lions don 't go .
I discovered that lions are moving .
So I had an idea .
Since I was a little bit , I was working in my room every day , and I even opened my mother 's new radio , she was almost killed , but I learned a lot about electricity .
So I took a battery-quy automobile cars a measurement . It 's a little device that 's found in the car , and it helps people drive the motor when they want to left or left . It flashes .
And I 've got a switch to switch off and open lights .
And that 's a small lightbulb from the battery .
And I install everything .
As you can see , the solar battery used for battery , and the battery of the energy supply for the clock , I call it a transformation .
And the clock does measure the lightbulbs .
As you can see , the light bulbs are outside , because that 's the lions .
And that 's how light reflects on lions when they arrived at night .
The lightbulbs turned off and deceive lions make them think that I was walking around the cow , but actually I was sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
I installed it in my house two years ago , since then , we didn 't have any problem with lions .
The neighbors heard about this idea .
One of them is this lady .
She had a lot of cattle who had been killed , and she asked me if I could help her build electricity .
I said , " Yeah . "
So I installed light bulbs . You can see there behind , they 're lions .
So far , I 've been building for seven families in my community , and they 're working .
Now my idea has been used all over Kenya to get rid of other animals like hyena , journalism , and it 's also used to kill the farmers ' farm .
And by this invention , I 've been lucky to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , the National Brooklyn , and I 'm really excited about this .
My new school is starting to help by raise and raising awareness .
I 've even led my friends about our community , and we put a light bulb for the families that haven 't access to it and I teach them how to build them .
One year ago , I was just a little boy in the middle of my father 's office , I used to see the plane , and I said to myself that one day , I 'll be sitting in it .
And I 'm here today .
I 've got the opportunity to come here with the first time to participate in TED .
My biggest dream is to become a flying engineer and pilot when it grew up .
I used to hate lions , but now because my invention is saving the cow of lions and lions , we can live with lions without any conflict .
Ashol . In my language , it means thank you very much .
I don 't know that it 's interesting to hear my story .
So you have this scholarship . Yeah .
I 'm doing other inventions .
What 's next in your list ?
So what 's next to me , you want to make a barrier .
I knew that the fence was invented , but I wanted to do my own .
You 've tried , right , and you ... I 've tried it before , but you 've stopped because of the shock .
Richard Turk , I was different .
We 're going to take our grandchildren on the road , you 're small .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do , and what I do about -- my life -- that 's been formed in seven years of work in Africa when I was young .
From 1971 to 1977 -- I don 't look -- I 've been working in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria , Somalia , in the engineering projects with African countries .
I worked for the NGOs of Italy and every project we created in Africa .
I 've got a brain .
It 's 21 years old , I think , people are good , and we 're working in Africa .
But instead , we killed everything we hit .
The first project , what inspired my first book , " The light waves from Zambzi , " which is a project in which people decided to teach Zambia food .
So we 're in southern Zambia with the seeds from the water in Italy in a beautiful valley in Zamzi , and we taught people to grow tomato sauce and Italy .
Of course the people who are not interested in doing this work , so we paid them , and sometimes they go to work .
We 're really surprised about local people , in the fatley valley like this .
But instead of asking them why they don 't grow anything , we simply say , " Thank you God . "
" It 's time to save Zambia from hunger . "
And of course , everything in Africa is good .
We have great tomatoes . In Italy , a big tomato sauce . In Zambia , it 's big to this size .
It 's hard to believe , and we 're talking to Zambia , " People who are going to see it . "
When the tomatoes started to achieve , nine , and there 's just one night , about 200 kilometers from the rivers and clean it up .
We said to the Zambia , " Oh my God , the galaxies ! "
And people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow anything . "
" Why don 't people tell us before ? " " Have you ever asked . "
I think there 's one person who I mean , I mean , in Africa , but then when I look at what the Americans are doing , the people who are doing , the French people who are doing , and after seeing what they do , I
Because , you see , just at least we 're eating a lot of galaxies .
You should look at the crap -- you should look at something that we 've given to the Africans who don 't expect .
You want to read a book , read " The Academy Academy , " written by Damisa Mamiso , an economist Zambia .
The book was released in 2009 .
We , the Western nations that have brought to Africa two billion American countries in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you the damage that the money has produced .
Look at her book .
Reading it from a African woman , the damage that we 've made .
The Westerners like us are people who are empireists , and we only have two ways to treat other people : or save , or protective .
Two words from the Latin word " pater , " which means " father . "
They bring two different meaning .
Protection , I 'm treating anyone from other culture as if they are my children . " I love them . "
Conservations , I 'm treating all of people from other culture as I am .
That 's why white people in Africa are called " Twana , " he .
I 'd like to get into the face of reading the book , " Pavored , " because Schumacher , says , all of it , in economic growth , if others don 't need to help , let them .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the person who put a meeting on the floor , and said , " Could we be able to -- the idea of a city without a new democracy ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to just respond to people and I created a system called Encyclopedia Facre , where you 're not going to start anything you 're never going to motivate , but become a
So what do you do -- it 's the mouth .
Don 't bring a community with ideas , you sit with local people .
We didn 't work from office .
We 're meeting in coffee . We 're in the coffee .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we do is we become the friends of each other , and figure out what they want to do .
The most important thing is hope .
You can give someone an idea .
If you don 't want to do that , what do you do ?
The desire for women 's development is the most important thing .
The men 's desire for personal development is the most important thing .
And we helped them to find the understanding , because nobody in the world can be successful .
There 's no idea that there 's no idea , but the understanding is always useful .
So a lot of years ago , I had this idea : Why don 't we , just once , instead , to a community , and tell people what they should do , why don 't we listen , listen to them once ? But not in
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem in community meetings .
Companies never come to the project , and they don 't tell you , in the community meetings , what they want to do with their money , the opportunity they find out .
So there 's a blind spot .
The most people in the community don 't know because they don 't come to public meetings .
What we 're doing is working on a piece of one and to do that , you have to create a social structure that doesn 't exist .
You have to create a new novel .
A new discipline like a family doctor for business , the family 's family for jobs , who sat with you in your house , at the kitchen table , in the cafes , and help you find resources to make your desire to make life .
I started as an experiment in Eperance , Australia .
I 'm in Ph.D. at that moment , trying to get away from the jellyfish that 's come and tell you what to do .
So what I did in the first year in Estanance was just the way on the road , and in three days , I had the first customer in a garage , named Mao , and I helped him to sell a restaurant in
And I helped these individuals who know how to work together and sell these perfect tuna , not for the box in Albane with 60 cents a sign , but we find how to sell them to Japan to 15 dollars a sign , and then the
In a year , I had 27 next projects and the government came to find me , " How did you do that ?
How do you do -- " And I said , " I did a very hard job .
I silence , and I listen to them . "
So -- so the government says to me , " Let 's do it . "
We did that in 300 communities around the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 jobs .
There 's a new business generation of people who are exhausted for her .
Peter Duckucker , one of the greatest mentors in history , died when 96 , a few years ago .
Peter Duckucker is a philosophical professor before working on business , and this is what Peter Ducker says : " Hetting isn 't a society and a business economy . "
It 's a death rate for entrepreneurship .
So now you 're reconstructing Christchurch without knowing that the most people in Christchurch wanted to do with their money .
You have to learn how to make these people come to talk to you .
You have to give them security , privacy , you have to be really excited to help them , and they 're going to go , in the crowds .
With a community of 10,000 people , we can have about 200 customers .
You can imagine a community of 400,000 people , smart and desire ?
What 's the story you 're clapping in this morning ?
The local , the people who are hungry . That 's the people who have clapping .
So what I 'm talking about is that business is where it works .
We 're at the final stage of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel sources of manufacturing , and suddenly , we have no sustainable systems .
The engine is not sustainable .
The Fredon to store things is not sustainable .
What we have to look at is that we do to nurture , treat , education , education and communication for seven billion people in sustainability .
No technology does it .
What 's going to create technology for the green revolution ? Giving !
Governments ? Forget !
That 's the list , and they 're doing it right now .
There 's a very fun story that I 've read on a magazine a lot of years ago .
There 's a group of experts invited to discuss the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in 1860 , the group of people came together , and guess what happened to the New York City in the next 100 years , and the conclusion was after : New York City won 't exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they look at the curve on the map and say , if the population growth in this scale , to move a population of New York City , they 're going to need six million horses , and waste from six million hors
They 're going to be flooded in the horse .
So in 1860 , they saw this technology that made life in New York City .
So what happened ? In the last 40 years , to 1900 , in the U.S. , there are 1,200100 companies that produce cars -- 1,1001 .
The idea of looking for a different technology that 's completely beyond all , and there are very small factories in a stagnetic condition .
Dearborn , MIchan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to bring them security .
No , they 're not going to look for you .
Then you have to bring them a great service , separate and passion .
And then you have to tell them about business .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to do three great things : the product that you want to sell , you have to have a commercial strategy , and you have to have a perfect governance .
Think about it ?
We 've never met a single person in the world , who can just make it , sell it and manage the money at the same time .
That doesn 't exist .
This animal has never been born .
We did a study , and we looked at 100 companies in the Carnegie , West Carne , Edison , Edison , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all companies in the world have , just one thing : Not a company starting with one person .
Now we 're teaching business for 16-year-old age 16 in Northumberland , we started the classroom by giving them the first two of Richard Branson , and the work for these 16-year-old , in the first
There 's no word " I , " and " we " 32 times .
He didn 't start alone .
KH who started a company . No one .
So we can create a community where there are people who are supporting the experience of a small business model of sitting in the cafeteria , wine , and you 're going to make you something that someone who 's going to tell you about
What can you do ?
Okay , you can sell it ? Can you manage money ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do this . " Do you want me to find somebody else for you ? "
We activate communities .
We 've got groups of volunteers who help the Enterprator Facreril , they 're helping to find resources and human resources and we discover that the magic of the intelligence of something like you can challenge the culture and economic
Thank you .
By March , 2011 , I made a picture of New York City .
We 're green creatures .
The hidden in the dark room doesn 't window , and general is avoiding sunlight .
We adjusted the thinner , the more beautiful skin , the more beautiful thing that can 't be possible , and always get the criticism , but we also have a lot of talents with many years of experience and understand how it 's
In November 2011 , was watching the world in the world , I saw tragic events happening in Japan .
Then , my volunteer volunteer joined All Hand Volunte , for a few days to the end of the effort .
I , with hundreds of volunteers who couldn 't just sit at home , so I decided to join them for three weeks .
On May 13 months , I found the way to the town of Sufunato .
It 's a small village of Iwate , with the population of 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunami .
The water here is accepted to over 24 meters , and over three miles deep in the land .
Presumably , town has been devastated .
We pulled the fragments from the channel , the hole .
And clean up school , toilets , ready for innovation and recovery .
We cleaned the tons of fish and smack from the local factory .
We heterose , but everybody 's fun .
In weeks , volunteers and local people are looking for something .
They search for images and images and images and SDD .
All of it .
They 've collected and they 've been talking about them in places around the market .
It 's not about that moment that I 've realized that these images are true to be a very large part of the people .
When they run the waves , to keep the revolution , they left all the time , everything was left behind .
At the end of the first week , I went to help a movement center in town .
I helped clean the stream of water hot water , a huge bath .
It 's also where the mobile center has collected pictures .
This is where people were talking about them , and I took the honor , because they believed that I allow me to help them clean images .
It 's really exciting and excited . I 've heard about it , but when I 've really experienced this new miracle .
When I look through images , there 's some more than a hundred years old , some of them still in the envelope in the envelope . I think , I think , is an editorable person I can fix and break it
So that night , I went to Facebook and asked a few people , and I got a lot of positive feedback , I knew I had to work .
We started to fix these images .
This is the first one .
It 's not broken , but it 's hybridized to change her face , and it 's got to be repaired with accurate and high .
If not , the girl in the shape will not look like me , and certainly it 's bad as bad as a mess .
Over time , very lucky , a lot of images are made , and we need more editing people , so again , I 've been on Facebook and LinkedIn , in the course of the year , I 've found 80 people
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , to July , we 've opened up the neighborhoods of Rikuzentata , far from the north to Northern Yamada .
Every week , we installed our scanners in the temporary library , which was set up before , so people came back to their photographs .
The big women who sometimes have never seen the scanner , but after 10 minutes , find their photograph , give us to scan , download a cloud of cloud , to download it by a strangers , in a stranger , in a place somewhere in the world
The time spent to restore the state is a completely different story , and obviously depends on the harm of the image .
You can lose one hour . You can lose a week .
It can take months .
The needle in this picture is almost drawing by hand , or grabbing , from color and details haven 't been hurt .
It takes time .
Now , all of these images have been damaged , drowned in saltwater , covered in the saltwater , in the water , sometimes in the oil , for a time , so they 're going to continue to make a ton of damage
We can 't fix if we don 't get cleaned , dry and improve .
We 've been lucky to wip my hand .
There 's a beautiful woman who has led us .
It 's very easy for these images .
My team of Wynne used to say : It 's like tattoo for somebody .
You don 't have a wrong chance .
The woman gives us these pictures , when they can get back .
She 's clean cleaning them and stop when she 's making it more harmful .
She also had a copy of the image .
If you don 't , places like your husband and her face , will never be able to be able to be able to be able to put them together in a different picture , and do it all the picture .
When she received images from us , she shared a little bit of his story .
These pictures have been a colleague of her husband who found at a fire department , between the broken pieces of the long line from where there was injured , and they realized him .
The day happened , he was responsible for the tiege .
He 's got to go back to the water when he 's going on .
Two little boys , not even smaller , two boys are at school , two different schools .
One is stuck in the water .
It took a week , she found them and knew that they were all survived .
The day I pay back to her is the day of the youngest son of her 14-year-old son .
For her , after all , these pictures are perfect gifted for him , something that can look back , to remember the past , not have been infected from the day of that day , when the entire life was wiped or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined the All Hands , in which hundreds of people had cleaned over 135,000 images , the majority — — — — — the majority of the photos about their own humanity , this
More than hundreds of global volunteers have helped pay for more than 90 families , hundreds of photos have been completely restored and correct .
In this time , we didn 't spend a thousand dollars for equipment and materials , most of the cost of the printer .
We 're imaging .
Every picture reminds someone or something , a place , a relationship , a love .
They 're the ones that keep our memories and our story , is the last thing we 're holding on and also the first thing we 're going to look for .
That 's the meaning of this entire project , to recover the small pieces of humanity , bring the connection to someone .
When a picture like this is paid back , it will create a huge transformation in human life .
The project also makes a huge difference in the life of the people who fix .
For some people , they 've been connected to something big , for something , for something else , with something else , rather than the thinner and the skin .
I wanted to read an email to end this talk . This email from Cindy , a person who was able to fix me , send me back to Japan after six months later .
" When I work , I can 't think about each individual and stories that contain in images .
There 's a picture , a lot of generations of women in the house , from old to young children , gathered around a little baby , and I 've lost my home because I 've got a similar picture , my mother , my
On the other side , whether at the time , our basic needs is , right ? "
Thank you .
I 'm at almost 50 feet under a legal minus in Ghana .
It 's a vacuum cleaning air and hot air , and it 's very hard .
I can feel the collision from my body sweat through the dark , but couldn 't see anything .
I heard the voice , but it 's almost a mixture of the sound and the rock was broken by the raw tools .
As people , I 'm wearing a cheap battery on the head , it 's attached to the old condoms , I can 't look at the dulling trees that are against the walls of 0.282 feet down to the ground
When I skip my hand , I remember a couple of days ago , I saw a couple of days ago , and I was slipped down the tunnel .
When I talk to you today , these people are still in deep hole in that hole , risk of life without food or labor , and often die .
I 've been climbed out of that hole , and they 're home , but they 're probably never going home , because they 've got a slave .
In the last 28 years , I collected data about local culture in over 70 countries , and in 2009 , I had the only honor to be the only exhibition of the Vancouver .
In some amazing talents I met there , I met an advocate for the Santa Court , a member of the NOOService Center .
We started talking about slaves , and actually , I started to figure out about slaves because I knew that it existed in the world , but not there .
After the talk , I saw terrible and really embarrassing because of this brutality in my life , and I think , if I don 't know , how many people don 't know ?
It 's starting to take careers , so a few weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Santa Cassor and suggestion them .
And then we started the journey in the modern world .
The strange is that I 've come to the majority of these places .
Some places I look like my house .
But this time , I 'd like to see the fact that it 's being covered .
A conservative estimation for us to know that there are more than 27 million people being slave in the world today .
That 's the number of people who get out of Africa during the course of the Atlantic .
150 years ago , there was three times more than three times of a year of an American workers .
Similarly with 50,000 dollars today .
But today , many families have been slaughtered through many generations of debt .
It 's amazing , the slaves of slaves more than 13 billion dollars per year in the world .
A lot of people were fooled by the promise of good education , the better job , just to see that I was being able to work under the violence , and not escape .
Sprivate today to commercial , goods that slaves create value , but people make them like waste .
It 's almost almost everywhere in the world , whether it 's illegal everywhere .
In India and Nepal , I was offered to a brick .
It 's a strange situation like walking into the Egyptian world or the hell of Dante .
It 's been covered in temperature than 54 degrees C , men , women , children , all of the families , are covered in the blindness , like the machine , put it on the top , to 18 hours , and bring them from the
It 's dwindling by the motors and exhausting , they 're quiet , and over and over 16 hours a day .
There 's no food , now to eat , drink , because it 's a serious water that 's going to go to diabetes .
It 's dirt and shining all over the place where my camera is hot to be able to touch the button .
For 20 minutes , I have to go back to the campaign to clean the device and to do it under the heat of recovery , and when I sit there , I think , my camera is better than those people .
Go back to the oven , I just wanted to cry , but the follower of the slaves of the slave side to me and say , " Lisa , don 't do that . Don 't do that . "
He explained that emotions are very dangerous in this place , not with me , but with them .
I couldn 't directly help them .
I don 't give them money , nothing .
I 'm not that citizens .
I can put them in a worse situation .
I have to rely on Santa Campaign to work in the system to release them , and I believe they can .
For me , I have to wait to get home to really feel pain .
In the Himalayas , I saw children holding a lot of miles across the mountainside down the road .
The big rocks are more heavy than the kids who bring them , the kids lift them up by using their frames from the wood , the rope and fabric .
Traditional things like this .
How can we create this big thing , this is what happens ?
Some people don 't even know they 're being slavery , they 're working 16 , 17 hours a day , because they 're just aware of .
They don 't have to compare .
When this village requires freedom , their cleaners .
These people don 't have , they die , they want to invest , but women in the middle of the town and call people persistent , and the people who are the slaves in the scene that help them get their own rocks , so
We often think about sex slavery when we hear from " slaves , " and because of this common perception , I 'm very difficult to do safely in this particular industry .
In Kathmandu , I 've been dismissed by women who used to be sex .
They led me down to the staircase down to the dirty basement .
This is actually not the land .
It 's more like a restaurant .
The ovarian restaurants , like being known in the industry , is the location of the racism .
Every place where there 's a small room , where slaves , women , brothers and girls , a seven-year-old , were forced to rescued for customers , they bought alcohol and food .
The bedroom is also dirty and dark and dark , by the number of paint on the wall , by the curtain .
The person who 's often used to abuse the carpetuation under their customers .
Stand in the dark corner , I remember feeling the fear of fear , and that moment , I just understood how to be in the hell .
There 's just one way : the staircase that I go into .
There 's no climate store .
There 's no big windows .
These people don 't have any other way , when we talk about the hard topic , we need to remember that slave , including the slaves of sex , also happen in where we live .
There are tens of thousands of people who have been slavery in agriculture , in the restaurant , I 'm wrong in the house , and the list is long .
Recently , New York Times announced that from 100,000 to 300,000 U.S. children were sold to sex every year .
It 's around us . We just don 't see it .
The textile industry is often used to think about the slaves .
I went to many villages in India , where many families were slavery in silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black dye is the father , the blue hands and red is his son .
They mix the dye in big tanks , and they put silk into that service to the wow , whether it 's very toxic .
My version was telling their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But there 's still going to be able to leave this house and go somewhere else where we 're paid to dye . "
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children who are slavery in Volta , the largest importer of the world .
When I was there , I went through a turn .
I see the same as a family in the boat , two boys , a few smaller , seem to seem to make sense ?
Wrong . They 're slaves .
Kids were taken out of the family , selling and lost , and they were stopped working on these boats in this lake , whether they didn 't know .
This child is eight .
My trembling when our boat came close to , the fear of the sailibo camp .
He was terrified to fall down the water .
The branches of Volta 's broken in the Volta 's Volta 's lump , and the kids who are tired of fearing down the water to meet the tongue .
Many are drowned .
What you remember is , you 're being done at the lake .
The fear of democracy , you don 't run away , and because they 're badly , they 're going to go down with smaller slaves that they manage .
I met these boys at five o 'clock in the morning , when they 're pulling the last network , but they 've worked from a morning .
In the dark night skylight .
We need to note that these nets are almost 500 kilos when they 're full of fish .
I 'd like to introduce Ki to you .
Kimi was saved from a village .
I met him in the assistance that the Santa Cervice Foundation is repressive .
Where I 'm going to be bathed in the water , and the great news is , when you and I 'm sitting here today , Kifi has been reunited with family , and more , or more , my family is
Kimi is the present of the ability .
How are you going to be somebody standing up and change your life ?
The car on the road in Ghana , also the colleagues in the Santa Campus , one of you 're based on the slaves , he 's based on the road , he 's going to accelerate the car , and we
He told us to go on the road in the forest .
At the end of the road , he urges us to leave the car , and he left the car .
And it 's just in this blur blurge and said , " This is the way , this is the way . Go . "
Go in that way , we map the wires , and then after a hour of the forest , the traces have been drowned in the water after the rains , so I 'm taking a picture on the head when we go down
After two hours of turbines , traces around the unexpected surprise in the empty land , and in front of our eyes are a huge area of the entire football field , they 're full of slaves .
Many women are holding their back in the back of the gold , and they go through the water of the bank .
The bank was used in extracting .
These mines were slave in the tunnel in a different area of Ghana .
When they go out of the basement , they 're wet by their own sweat .
I remember looking at the red eyes , their tiredness , because many people were under 72 hours .
The tunnels come to hundreds of meters , they 're going to put them on the heavy bags to move them to the other area , where rocks are crushed for gold .
Look , the rocks seem to be full of healthy people , but when you look closer , there are more lucky to work in extreme situations , there are children .
They are victims of damage , disease and violence .
In fact , many of these muscles are going to be like this person , the tuberculosis and the bankers in a few years .
This is Manuru . When his father died , he was paid to the work .
When people lose , Manuruans 's debt of debt , and they 're forced to slave in this area longer .
When I met , he worked 14 years in the mines , and the wound in the legs that you see here is from a victim in the mines , a foot injury to the doctor .
On the top , Manuru was tuberculosis , but it was still working on the day at the time .
Anyway , he still dreamed freedom to go to the help of local activists like the Santa Cath , and determines like this , on the face of strangers , making me overwhelmed .
I want to slave the light .
When I worked in this area , I brought a lot of candle , with the help of the translators , I got to get to the people that I photographed that I wanted to look at the story and their circumstances , and then when I was
They know their shape will be seen by people out there , like you .
I want them to know that we 're going to test them , and we 'll do anything that can help them change life .
I really believe , if we look at people like people , it 's very difficult to drill crime as slaves .
The images are not about myself . They 're about human beings , people , like you and me , all desires to equal rights , honor and respect .
There 's no day I don 't think about these amazing people who are mad . I have a big honor to meet them .
I hope that the images will wake up a powerful source of people , people like you , and hopefully that power will play the fire , that fire will shine on the slaves , because there 's no light , the hell of the hell will continue
Thank you very much .
