This story hasn 't been done .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his career .
Imagine , a radicalist in SE , the real truth that his life was waste .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now you 're going to make you a fungus .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has tried to fall out of us , but we 've suffered .
My mother , Maai , 18 years old when my parents died -- had a married marriage , had two little girls .
So after four years , a more denial school than in the comic , a boat that was a camouflower .
If we were caught , first was my sister and my mother and she would drink .
We settled in Fredit , suburbia , the sub-pressure of the population is the immigrant .
A long-term memory , because it 's got to wear six years .
The reassuring and a silence voice , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
She opened the computer store and then she went to a different business and opened a business facility .
We 're looking for aid and aid .
The center is set up .
In the world , I 've been stuck in the tuty of the life , the tragic damage , violence , and she 's stressed .
And because of that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in the Australian year .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was at the time I was at the age of my mother when we were on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was also a little , new person came , and not just one thing we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went to my emotional .
I collected a small team with us , " No " is " a fascinating challenge .
On the day , I made a huge soup of soup that we eat .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like that in the centuries .
In 17 years old , she became his two-year-old wife , he was beating her .
I 'm in a hotel room in Sdneyney , at the moment she lost 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the time half a night , and we told us that he had to be a financial .
She told us to feel my grandmother .
My mother asked me , " Why did my mother warmth that the whole person was cool ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother today is here in the fourth chair .
It 's a great honor for me to stand here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in prison , after iron and in prisoners for the prisoner of the people who were born .
I also spent a long time in the community of people who have low income with projects and place filled with despair .
And I came here to be encouraged and I listened to this , and I heard this very much more .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important thing .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family and a traditional American family and my grandmother was a family .
Three mothers actually are slave .
She 's hard , but she 's also in a snake .
When I was a little girl , every time I looked at her and I got me to go back and I hug me in my heart .
My hug me up to the clinic , I saw my breath and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'd come to her and say , " Brank , I still feel like she hug her ? "
And if I said , " No , " she 'll be " attack " and if I say , " I 'll leave me alone .
She 's a very careful way you 're always going to be near .
My mother was the youngest of the house .
At sometimes , I went and I was in her side , but she was hard to have her care time .
And I remember , at the time , I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , I woke up , and I saw all my sisters running around the room .
At first , I was playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " I 'm like , "
" The first thing she wanted to promise you is to love my mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise you is always going to do the right thing , though , it 's hard to get . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no . Two people go . You 'll never drink a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people go , go on . "
I shouldn 't say it .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do it right , is moral ; I want to talk about the power of human rights .
We can make them work in what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for the time of cooking and sold wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prisoned .
America now has the highest prisoner of the world .
And there are seven million people who are being governed or bending .
And three black men in the age of 18 to 30 , 30 people are in prison , being stressed or temporary .
Our law system is not just shaped by the way , not only by the prime minister , but also distorted by poor .
Even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and political anger has led us to believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a silence .
Many of my lot of other people are still very small .
We have a prisoner that 's not very young for children .
We 're actually doing children 's laws .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'm going to speak up to the prisoners .
But there 's still a different way of thinking about where we are in our own humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether whether people are dead or not whether we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been hard to talk about race , because we 're not willing to admit to the legs and reconcile .
I had some of the talks in Germany about the death row .
It was amazing because my talk , there was a scholar who stood up and said , " I 'm really hard to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no molecular syndrome .
You 'll feel like if you live in a world where Germany has been shaped by the death sentence , especially when it 's the Jewish Jewish .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Southern I 've been doing the same thing that you can have the same 9-door-grame-bomb-grame-to-one-door people who are black and
And so , there 's a way of preventing .
Technology , love creativity .
Well . We have the reason , we 're devoted for wisdom .
They come from ideas and then are directly with the heart of the heart .
Vaclav Havel , a great leader of S check , said about this .
And it 's just about things .
I was going to go and hear them later , and she said , " Well , Byan , let me hear about the justice of the justice .
So I started talking about the yard .
When I said my whole idea , she looked at me and said , " Well , yeah , yeah . "
I really think that TED community needs to be courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that inequality .
Because in the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that 's true for everyone on this planet .
I think if someone lying , they 're not just a deceptive .
And so , we have basically a basic price of law .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , many places in the world , the paradox of poor is not rich .
And finally , I believe that this is really cool , very exciting , very exciting and very stimulated , but we 're not going to be judged by technology we make by our design , by intellectual and ideal .
Because that 's the implications of what we 're starting to have a profound insight about who we are .
Occasionally , when I lose weight , I 'll end this situation with this story .
Sometimes I 'm trying to be too hard .
And I made the representative kids who were very heavy .
I went to my prison , and that was 13 , 14 years old and he was allowed to be in front of a court .
Why can you make you a person you 're not ?
I woke up and thought , I dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be difficult .
I whispered my ear .
It has something that 's very profound with the human being , about the ability to contribute to each community , for the hope of hope .
And when I walked into , the judge saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all the hours of screaming .
He jumped up to the guardian .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , then this spring will have a national sphere here , we 're trying to re-base a money that uses in punishment .
For example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for five years . Yes , a million dollars .
56 percent of rapex are not processed .
The rate of being used in America is really not the violence .
And so , we have three fighters that people are in prison alone because of stealing or bicycle or stealing the angles instead of constraining them because they pay for the private property of that property .
I believe we need to do more work to help people who are being turned into being victims , not to do less .
Bryan , you actually have the right psychological involvement of people here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill up in time .
He came here in 18355 as you know pretty well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , is still to pay for another notion that is called the movement of hip .
I went there in 1971 , researching in the West Africa .
I went there because Tuni grew up in Europe and wanted to be able to do that later Africa .
Even though I can actually get to life there .
This is my first sun .
And the shattering surrounded by the palm of the palm you can see , some of the mangrove .
There 's a whole lot of about 20 feet of a non-centimeter species that are a black-powered , black-powered robot .
The dreadful of this black-powered dirt , and they actually have a pretty good deal of the fish and they 're actually quite a lot of money that they 're getting more likely to get more than the average income of Ghana
They reach the age of five-centimeter size .
So nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe is doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , which is called Mutia .
What we 're going to get , we don 't find out of it .
The main thing is that the bottom-up bottom is pulled up the boat then was thrown back back .
These images are so astounding because this shift is happening so fast .
Within a year , you did a survey after that commercial fishing started .
These species are not consumed , they 're thrown out because they 're dead .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the yard here , the number of biodiversity , the number of whales of the forest of the country , the water supply .
Every generation will use images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a larger extent , is what we want to do today .
You just lose the rare animals .
They become more scarce , because we 're caught them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , and scientists will argue that before it 's really different .
For example , the story of some of the people who told the Cordan Commission , which was watching a lot of fish in this region , couldn 't eat or not used by the scientists who were arrested because it didn 't bring
Because with the sea protected areas that we 're actually re-border .
I think that art and film can be able to compensively , and simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it 's moving people -- don 't notice what Pahontasontas do -- why is it 's encouraged by iconic .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices do you do a day ?
Recently , I 've been surveying with over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of options that the typical people who have done is about 70 times in a day .
There was a survey that was done with CEOs that we had followed the CEO for a week .
And scientists have led all these different tasks that those CEOs are involved and they 've spent a lot of time to do these decisions .
Of course , each of the mission is compounded a lot of small options .
Now , think about your own choices .
If not , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their own sewage .
We opened a little sheet of tastes right now close to the store .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we put 24-pound , and when there are six , there are only 40 percent .
The next thing we realized in the case , people like buying a bottle of junk .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the same few people stop when we 're going to take 24 , three percent of them buy a bottle of a junk .
And in the same few people stop when there were six six , unexpectedly , when we saw 30 percent of them buy a bottle of a junk .
Now , try to make a little bit of a six-time math , six times people want to buy a bottle of junk when they see six categories .
The topic is going to continue : Torte finance .
And what we see is that the number of resources available in retirement aid plans , the 401 planes can affect the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look more closely at the plans that you have two billion dollars of reference to the middle of the 70s are still not as high as we 're going to be .
Now it 's not the silk that 's the choices that anyone of us who 's also given to people when you look at financial competitions .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've tested in many ways in many surveys you can apply easily in your business .
People are always confused when I say , " cut down . "
When Proctor & amp ; Gamble down from 26 Heads and Shoulders 15 , they found the increase of sales sales in 10 percent .
When Golden Caten Cativity ended up spending 10 of the worst products for cat , they found the increase in the profit in eight7 percent of the revenues and the cost of the cost .
You know , the average store of today is giving you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human beings .
And I think you should read it .
All right .
So I did with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandrovit , and we did a lesson with people in ITGNTG , who worked at ITG and now these people in a stage they could
And during this stage we keep the stage before , but just a little bit more .
We can solve more of the more distributions that we solve options .
It shows that Wegman 's shop and under the east of the Amazon , and the magazine in the field of various parts of the world 's various magazine to 664 .
Now , two different types of women .
If you think the left is Swing and the right is Jazzling , please , you 'll get your hand .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and the right is Swing you to clap .
All right , a little bit more .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to be more complex .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to finish your car .
The color , the outside , I have 56 options .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that these decisions exist .
If you click the button , " for each decision , that means you 're being too much options , that means you lose me .
With the same source , the same number of options .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the way that information is shown in that .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me a tremendous interest about this big product that I 'm attaching to it , so I 'm very happy to motivate and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the size of the shadow .
Just 10 times , three times .
By the way , that 's a global player that 's four times four times safe .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the number of " Hall 's " for a card surgeon , a nurse or a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a haunting student by perfection .
I learned in my little gel on my little hospital in the hospital in Toronto , not far from this .
I learned in the surgery that started and worked on every single body , every branch of the arteries of the arteries , the complex diseases , the rare diseases , rare and used .
And during the process , I collect more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of the heart asked heart , is to explore the patient 's clinic .
And I met her Dr. Ducker , she was very hard to breathe .
This situation happens when heart doesn 't work , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood flowing into the lung , and then blood flows , and so the patient 's hard breathing .
And that was when I first broke my first mistake ; I gave her the hospital .
I showed her the hospital without talking to the police officer .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lack confidence that I asked my nurses to take care of Dr.uckerucker , " Do you think she 's okay ? "
And the nurse thought was a little bit of time and said , " Oh , I think she 's going to be okay . "
So I signed up the paper , and I saved her , and I took her home .
I went through the room on the street .
Three words : Is it ?
She came back and she got to death .
Happy after she came home , after I left her home , she had a stroke and her family called her and she brought her back to the emergency room and she was only 50 , in a serious shock .
And the staff of saving all the way .
They put her into the breathing machine .
And I was shocked and shaking it up to the bone .
And I was sitting on the speed , because after she was in the middle of the stability , she was brought into a special care , and I hope that she was going to be able to recover .
You know that kind of embarrassment , when you leave a secret that you 're most likely to stop you and then you 're being stressed and you 're the most and you 're the most likely to you and two people have terrible
This is a kind of embarrassment .
And I just wondered .
Why don 't I ask the doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was the main doctor in the department of a community hospital in Northern Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old man with a throat .
And I was very busy , I was a little bit hurting .
He just just went on .
I saw his throat , it was a pink pink .
And two days later I went to the next level , and that was my time on my own request to speak for me in her room .
" Do you remember your painter ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and restore after a few days .
But every time , they all snegate me , I 'm all looking at me .
That 's the system we have .
In the course of 20 years I wrote and I wrote a medical media , I was studying the probability and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could , from one of my first lessons I wrote to the Toronto Station to my TV show "
And what I learned is that there is a wrong way .
We work in a system in which is wrong , and there 's 10 hours of drugs that have a single or either misconception or the misconception of the bacteria , in which the bacteria have come from the hospital , and the leading to
In both cases , this is the low-funded estimates that are actually , because we haven 't been able to get this problem that we have to be .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have pre-conceived bias , for example , I can accept that a patient has a perfect patient .
With those things , wrong is that it 's not resistant .
So , if you process the system , like I 'm taught , and eliminating all the wrong medical workers , there 's no one .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The medical person , in the notion of the body , is the human being with meat , you know , you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of the wrong thing , but trying to learn something from what she could have taught
She 's very supportive when people talk about their mistakes .
And she just pinpoints the wrong person , not " A " which is " Awesome , " which is a way of supporting , to everyone can be better .
Anyone of you can be famous on the Internet on the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh , wowww !
Whereas this video is posted in January .
In fact , Jimmy Kimel .
Sixth , sixth . Rives on the street , six people are waiting for the weekend , the weekend . Sixth , six . Rives on the Friday , you don 't think we have this talk today , but I hope
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is the graph diagram of that .
Well , Tosh , and many online regulations started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson from the mysterious scientific secret is one of the first people who posted a joke about this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version of imitation " Friday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody created an old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the characteristics of media , but they 're not true for the media today , but they 're going to determine the entertainment of the future .
And my new company was trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... attention to the community .
Huh . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all right now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story begins here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that time , there was no change from the time that was the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do that with drill and machines .
The conclusion we 're going to be the magic is replaced with machines .
They prevent creativity .
I 've been illustrated in the age of 16 .
The story is becoming more and more senses .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it 's always interesting to me .
Another idea that I was a big idea of a big idea that was a big , big land , a single , very only .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about the gods , but who don 't in India , but we know about India , the Aparaara ?
So , in this way , you have to go back to this kid , you have to go out , and , in a chapter , take a flower and notes it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a sticky and notes it .
And what happens is that you create a digital collection of digital that you can show online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , and it 's a lot of other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , maybe , this is a year , and this is a kind of time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to demonstrate , graphs are very stupid .
Now if I plot the graph , for example , other technology , maybe the technology of technology , on a logical curve , it looks very , very rational , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history of technology that 's going to change the way that it 's going to change a few years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is there ?
What is the new state that the world is going to ?
Because this process seems very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from when we approach it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not very much about 30 , 50 years later , because when everything is going to be very different from a very simple extraction that we 're doing today , there 's nothing in
And so I think this picture is what it means if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today , these oil drops are not really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly randomly randomly .
It 's just a basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the drops are getting to extract .
In fact , every living organisms are sequencing its genome by the same-colate systems and code completely .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This is what this is to allow the bacteria to form that can form that in which includes the same bacteria that are together ; they 're cooperating .
And so they 're alive or dying , which means , if a community good development , all of the individuals in the community , they produce more individuals and they evolved in positive .
And so , the next process is really interesting in life that 's about a billion years .
And at that moment , we have multinational mass , the colony is different types of cells , working together as a single organ .
The skin cells of people will not have any effect if lack of existence of heart cells , cells , cells , cells and other cells .
The next process is in these communities .
These cells , again , start extracting information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a single individual can be , for example , learn not to eat something because it 's not good and it can be uncomfortable when it 's going to eat it .
That neural system , the fact that they form these specific structures , which are very quickly driven by evolution .
Because evolution can happen in a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here in the face of the natural dismonth , hoping to create in the head of people who think it 's also messy and ambiguous and dreams , and sometimes .
This allows us to start to exist as a living body .
Too cell , computers , video , CDs and other things are the devices that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a larger community and more likely to move beyond us before .
This process is just going on and I guess , I think , self-solving is -- when a process of accelerating its changes .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of this curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that my device used to design computers can 't use if there 's no technology in the computer .
So now , what I do is design with complex complexity seem to be possible if design them in traditional direction .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connectivity .
Instead , what I did is that the design of the design was doing at the Foretical Artic scriptures , which is that we think about the level of extracting and put that extracting into the machines and that machine uses more effective ,
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the ways we don 't even understand .
One particular approach that I 'm still using is a lot of evolution .
Or other words , " The computer , you can make hundreds of millions of random coverage .
In other words , I 'm going to define what I want .
And let 's copying them with the re-border re-border . "
Take two programs and they 'll create products by exchange their subtituts , and products are appreciated by the rules of two programs .
Maybe it 's going to make some changes .
And I 'm going to end up with a process , I 'll have a perfect program with the number of numbers .
In fact , they 're more effective than a program I can write .
They are very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details to give you a safe flight . ' It 's not making you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the design of design .
Because all of this technology is driving themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's clicking us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite like Peace Corps for the computer .
We chose some candidates every year , they 'll work with the city .
And there they 'll write a great app , working with the staff .
How can it find help in the situation ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that the city never took off the firefits .
But one member of the members called Erik Michael-Ober , pay attention to another , which is that people are still lost in front of that .
Every time you have to put it , and he 's called the first name of Al .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of 21st-digit and members of the last year .
But it did something that doesn 't work .
A guy in the city of Honolulu knows this app and realized that he can use it , not for the snow , but to people who define the albumines .
These lights are very important , but there are people who are stolen from them .
Chicago software applications for people to scribble the sidewalk the summer when the sun has snow .
Now there are nine cities now on the U.N. planning using this app .
Last year , we had a team of three people working on a project for two and a half months in Boston .
The project that the parents found the right job with their children .
Some people say to us that , as normal , to build a software that will have to lose at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California that has spent two billion dollars taxes , but still doesn 't work .
That means that the uncontrolled control , always suggest and reproduction new things .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more than the action of the power of electronics .
They haven 't yet .
Now there are lots of people who lose their own governments .
Like many people , I think the government is just people who go to vote .
After two years , I 've been able to get a special conclusion with local government , about the dysmatic ratios .
He type " Oroshum " in the mainstream data .
This is the achievement of the people who come in the city of the city in Boston .
But what happened to Citizens Conference .
Good sleep , the Romantic Romantic . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how technology is real life .
When this person helped the other person , our community became more powerful .
If you call the center of the animal , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we used to spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that governments will reflect our values and satisfying our need , but then
But that contemptive that we have seen what we have and pay for us to pay for us , and then we do it .
Some people think politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real work of the government is happening .
That 's what OcifySMEC did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do without regulate the government for all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their war is not like we 're not going to be a person on the hour ; they all have to do it .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can process the water hybrid , and many people have done it .
But the applications like the reminder that we 're not just the consumers , and we 're not just the government 's government , taxes and they 're not just the service .
Moreover , we are citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we do a good job .
I have a question for all of you : When there are important things that need to come to our shared , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of hours of speech , or we 'll become a group of hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients anymore .
One of the things we 've done at the University of Radboud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the medical projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It has a button in the middle of the turn .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's best possible because this is called the peer pressure , the peer pressure that has helped patients -- since it 's used to obesity , it can also use to patients to get rid of drugs .
Waking the easy techniques and started with them to make sense of comfort for patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where are there the most recent AED to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device is not just AEDU4 that this product is called , but AED4S .
Because , perhaps , this is a photographer that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's a little bit of a passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , processed on the plan .
These pictures like this : building a place along the crowd .
But it has a light-tettering point .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the visual landscape creates hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that the combination of images are also a process of the same process .
It 's really just a really different thing .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combination of images should have a general public .
Second , combine images should have a light .
And two pictures are satisfying two conditions -- All right at the same level and at the same same light .
So by combining color , the contrast and the light in the boundaries between different images , addictions of the disabilities of the field , desalacts and dust , we delete the lines between the different images and make it as a
But this picture is completely created by different images from different parts .
I think that it 's easier to create a context than to find context , because then you don 't have to be able to organize ideas in the head .
And this idea is that in the winter , I know I 've lost a few months to prepare , to find different places for the images .
For example , the fish are caught in the journey .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
All the tools are right here , and the only thing that we 're limited to is imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Growse Gelf .
And just in a few years , the LEGO had been at all the houses .
LEO has taken the concrete block , the building blocks , and made it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic electronic structure that will take us from the world of the tiles of the world to the world that everything interacted together .
It 's like concrete , transistors allow you to build larger circuits and more complex , each one .
My personalization is not accepting this , that the bricks builds the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Little MittleBit is the electronic structures with different functions .
You attach blue with green , you can make a lamp .
Instead of the flipple of the building , like this , and now you have a flash of light bulb .
Glass add this bellboard and now you create a sound .
We 've put the little kids and we 've been playing with a little bit of the kids and we 've got to play with a little bit of the game .
And that 's a great experience .
We also put the velt to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unstable about what video games started playing with a little bit of creative tools .
And here you 'll see , with a hoodie , paper and paper , the lakelie made ...
A few weeks ago we gave them to RISD and gave them some of the designers that had no experience with the cover , wood and paper -- and tell them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government found out the data that they could have access to who they could be the subject of these optimism .
But today , at this moment in 2011 , if you have a laser print from any printer that 's called the age of any printer , and if you 've got a paper page that 's going to have a little yellow dots that 's
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this kind of cybercriminals are very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the examples of the million examples of the world 's world 's world 's earning money from cybercriminals .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that today is the risk of being a victim of the crime in the real world .
And a clear fact that these risks are getting worse .
In the future , most of the laws of illegal laws will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymousus has been up in the last 12 months and became a force in this cybercriminal revolution .
So we have three main groups of attacks : criminals with the purpose of hacking , like Anonymous , which is our government , and the government is our government , the government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happened in DigiNotar .
They had to submit the last year because their system was destroyed .
On the last week , in a meeting with the Netherlands , I have a question for a leader that he sees that if someone has to die because DigiNototar was attacked .
DigiNotar is a company that provides a real service .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using a decentrician service with SSL , which is the service that Gmmmmm is using .
All of us , or at least we 're using Gmail or another email , and these services are common in the countries like Iran , where the mainborigrators are using the service of foreign services like Gmails , because
And create the prosthetic evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNotar .
In this material is the notes from a company that has the German in Germany sold for Egyptian government so much high-tech tools to hear in a big scale of all the tribes and exchange of people .
This is the main universe .
But the Western government also did it in their country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people discovered the Tujan Scuinstin , is a German fanan who used to investigate their people .
They heard your Internet , they heard it .
They even use tools like Tujuinu Scinstin to infect your computer , and from that they can get all the information you have , there are all your conversation through your Internet , and there 's your passwords .
So why do I worry ?
But this argument is not rational .
Privilism is not a debate .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we believe , in blindly , in any future government , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
