This story has not been done .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
Imagine a first piece : a man burned his life .
Imagine he , a community of the Gonor , the real face that his life was free .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now come out with him .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in the hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has been trying to fall out of us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Maja , 18 years old when my parents died -- had a married marriage , had two little girls .
So after four years , a natural school is more than in the comic , a boat that 's a camouflage is a fish ship .
If we were caught , first was my sister and my mother and she would take .
We 're going to be in Foot Payer , sub-purricans , which is the people who are immigrants .
A long-term co-patiented community , because it 's got to wear six years .
The mind is reassuring and a quiet voice , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
My mother opened the computer store and then learned a different business and open a different business .
We 're looking for aid and fundeders .
The center is formed .
In the world , I 've been stuck in the tutoric pieces , the tragic damage , because violence , addiction and she 's going to be .
And because of that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in the year , I was in the year .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was at the time that I was at the age of my mother when we went to the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was made , the new person came , the new one -- and not just one thing we need to know , it 's a gift from the boat .
So I went in my empathy .
I collected a little team with us , " No , " is a very interesting challenge .
I made a huge soup of soup so that we ate .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like that in the centuries .
In the age of 17 , she became a two-year-old , and he was a very important model of her .
I 'm in a hotel room at Sdney 's moment in her moment , she 's lost 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the end of a house came and told us that he had to be a financial .
My mother told us my hand .
My mother asked my home , " Why is my mother warm , that 's the colder ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother 's mother today is here at the fourth chair .
It 's a great honor for me to stand here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in prison , after iron and in prisoners for the prisoner of the death .
I also had spent a long time in the community of people who had low income with projects and place in despair .
And I 'm here I 'm going to encourage and I listen to this , and I 've heard this really more powerful for me .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important thing .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a non-Sinvas and a traditional American family and she was a family .
Three mothers actually are slave .
She was hard , but she was also in a way .
When I was a child , every time I looked at her , she would go and hug me in my life .
My hug was so hard to get me to get my breath and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'll come and say , " Bryanyan , are you still feeling like she hug her ? "
And if I said , " No , " she 'll be " attack , " and if I say , " I 'll leave me with a friend .
She 's a way you 're going to be in the way you 're going to be in .
My mother was the youngest son in the house .
I was sometimes , I went and I was in her side , but I was hard to have her care time .
And I remember , I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , I was up , and I saw all my sisters running around the room .
I thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " Oh , I 'm like , "
" The first thing she wanted to promise you is that you 're always love to love your mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise is that it 's always going to do the right thing , though , it 's hard to get them . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no . Two people go . You 'll never take a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people go , go on , go on . "
I shouldn 't say .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do it right , is moral ; I want to talk about how human power .
We can make them work in what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for the time of cooking and sold wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prisoned .
America now has the highest prisoner of the world .
And there are seven million people who are being managers or temporary .
And three black men at age 18 to 30 , there 's a prisoner in prison , being stressed or temporary .
Our law system is not just shaped by the way , not only the generalization of race , but also being distorted by poor .
And even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and political anger has made us believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a silence .
Many of my customers still have a little bit .
We have a general prisoner of children , not a little bit of kids .
We actually do the kids who do .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'd like to be representative for prisoners .
But there 's still another way of thinking about where we are in our humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether people are dead or not whether we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this problem .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of being bombed .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been hard to talk about race , because we 're not willing to admit to the legs and reconcile .
I had some of the talks in Germany about the molecular project .
It was amazing to me after my talk , there was a scholar who stood up and said , " It 's really hard to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no molecular level .
You 'll feel like if you live in a world where Germany did the death sentence , especially when it was the Jewish Jewish .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Southern Men-year-old , people still have a very high-powered , you can have 11 times 11 times more than white people are black and 22 times as black as black as black as a
And so , there 's a way of preventing .
I love technology , love creativity .
Well . We have the reason , we have the mind .
They come from ideas and they 're going to be able to be able to get the trust of heart .
Vaclavl , a great leader of S check , talked about this .
And it 's just about things .
I went and heard them after a few hours , she said , " Well , Byanyan , tell me about the public-paying .
So I started talking about the yard .
When I said my attention , she looked at me and said , " Well , well , well . "
I really think that TED community needs to be courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that the suffering .
Because in the same time , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that 's true for everyone on Earth .
I think that if somebody is lying , they 're not just a deception .
And so , people have basically been able to get the law of protective law .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , are many places in the world , the paradox of poor , not rich .
And finally , I believe that whether it 's really , very cool , very exciting , very exciting and very stimulated , but we 're not going to be judged by technology we make by our design , because of intelligence and ideal .
Because that 's the consequences of what we start to have a profound view of us .
I 'm going to lose weight , I 'll end this story with this story .
Sometimes I 'm trying to be so powerful .
And I 've been representing the kids who are very heavy .
I went to my own prison , which was 13 , 14 , and he was allowed to be in front of a big person .
Why can a building make you a person you 're capital ?
The next morning , I woke up and thought , I dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be hard to get here .
I was whispered into my ear .
It has something that 's very profound with the human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the hope of the hope .
And when I walked into , the judge saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all the hours of screaming .
He jumped up to the gate .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a population of the people who are going to be able to re-built , we 're trying to re-brand the money in the punishment .
For example , we 're going to spend a million dollars on five years on the next five years . Yes , a million dollars .
56 percent of rape 's rape 's rape 's not processed .
The rate of being arrested in America is not really violent .
And so we have three fighters that people are in general prison for stealing , because they 're stealing or stealing the low-poler assets instead of making them pay for the humanitarian .
I believe we need to do more to help people who are turned into the victims of crime , not to do less .
Byan , you really have been really right to be the psychology of people here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill up the time .
He came here in 1835 as you know quite well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it 's still to pay for another notion that 's called the movement of hip .
I went there in 1971 , researching in West Africa .
I 'm there because Ti was growing up in Europe and I wanted to be able to do that later in Africa .
And even though I could have been able to get to life there .
This is my first sunshine .
It 's been around by the palm of the palm of the palm , you can see , some of the mangrove .
There are a non-centimeter of about 20 feet of a non-patient species that are a black-pound-pound , black-pound-law .
The dubious cubs of the dubious cubs of fish and they really have a pretty much better time they get better for their average income in Ghana .
They reach the age of adult age at five-centimeter size .
So there 's nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe is doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , which is called Mutia 4 .
What we 've been caught , we don 't find out of it .
The key thing is that the bottom of the ocean is pulled up the boat then was thrown back .
These pictures are so powerful because this movement happens too quickly .
In a year , you do a survey after that commercial fishing .
These species are not used to consume , they 're thrown out because they 've died .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the medicine here today , the number of whales , the number of whales of the forest-bow-bounding whales , the water supply .
Every generation will use images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a larger level , what we want to do today .
You just lose the animals .
They become more scarce , because we 're being beat them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , and scientists will argue that before it 's really different .
For example , the story of some people who told the Creature , some of the most fish in this region can 't eat or not be used by the experts on fishing scientists , because it doesn 't bring science .
Because with the sea areas that are told us we are actually re-built .
I think that art and film can be compressed , and simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it has been moving people -- don 't notice what Pahontasonto did -- why it 's been stamped by the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many options you do ?
I 've been surveyed with over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of options that the typical person who did was about 70 times a day .
There was a survey that we had been done with CEOs that we had been in a week .
And scientists have led all these different kinds of tasks that those CEOs are involved and they 've spent a lot of time to do decisions through those mission .
Of course , every mission is composed of a lot of small options .
Now , think about your own choices .
If not , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're going to clapping your hand .
This is their scoop .
We opened a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a doorway .
Many people stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24-pressed , and when there were six , there were only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized in any case people like buying a jam .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the few people stop when we put 24 , there are only three percent of them buying a jam .
And in the few people stop when there were six different types of jamps , suddenly when we saw 30 percent of them buy a jam .
Now , try to make a little bit of a six times more than they want to buy a jam , when they see six types of things .
The theme today is going to continue : Torty save .
And what we see is that the number of resources are available in retirement-based planning plans , the 401 plan that affect the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look more closely at the plans that the money you have two billion financial resources to participate in the middle of the 70s are still not as high as we 're going to be .
Now it 's not the silk that 's the options that anyone in us also advice to take people when you look at financial competitions for them .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've been checking by many ways in many surveys that you can apply easily in your business .
People are always embarrassing when I say , " cut down . "
When Progress & amp ; Gamble is down from 26 Hex He & amp ; Shoulders down to 15 percent of the sales of the sales .
When Golden Caten 's favorite 10 of the worst products for cat , they found the increase in the profit in eight7 percent of the revenues of the profit and the cost .
You know , the average store of the grocery store today gives you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human beings .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So my lesson I did with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandro Previtate , we did one of the people in ING CGNT , who worked at ING and now these people were
And during this stage we keep the stage before , but just one little thing .
We can solve more distributions than we solve options .
It shows that Wegman 's shop in and under the east of the magazine in the front of the magazine where 331 different kinds of magazine was coming to 664 .
Now , two different types of pages .
If you think the left is Swing and the right is Jazzling , please invade you .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and on the right is Swing , please invo your hand .
All right , more than a little bit .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to be more complex .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to make your own place .
The color , the outside I have 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that those decisions exist .
If you press the button , " for each decide , that means you 're too much options , it means you lose me .
With the same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the restaurant that information is shown in there .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me this big product that I 'm going to be engaged with it , so I 'm very happy to be pushed and busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'll focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the ball .
Just 10 times , there are three times .
By the way , that 's a global ball of the 10 times as a global .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , do you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the number of " ballast " for a heart surgeon , a nurse or a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a biologist who 's obsessed with perfectness .
I learned in my little gellegard in the nurses in the hospital in Toronto , not far away .
I learned in the surgery that started and worked on each other 's own , every branch of the artery , the artery that had been separated from the artery , the complex diseases , the rare diseases , and used .
And during the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my mission when the patient 's high schooling to explore heart , is to explore the patient 's health .
And I met her Dr. Ducker , she was very hard to breathe .
This state happens when heart doesn 't work , and instead of bleeding , a little blood movement , and then blood flows up , and so the patient breath is hard .
And that was when I was the first mistake ; I gave her the hospital .
I showed her the hospital without talking to the surveillance doctor .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I 'm missing the confidence that I asked my nurses to take care of Dr. Ducker , " Can you think she come out of the hospital ? "
And the nurses thought , and I said , " Oh , I think she 'll be okay . "
So I sign the library , and I saved her to the house , the medical car gave her home .
I went through the way home .
Three letters is : Is it ?
She came back and got the death .
Happy after she went home , after I gave her home , she had a stroke and her family called the save and people brought her back to the save and blood pressure , in 50 , in a serious shock .
And the employees save all the way .
They put her into the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking it up to the bone .
And I 'm sitting on the speed , because after she 's in the stability , she 's given into a special care , and I hope that she 'll be able to recover .
You know that humiliation , when you leave a secret that you 're most able to swear you 're never going to be able to get out and then you 're the most stigma and you 're the most stressed
This shame is a guy .
And I just wondered .
Why don 't I ask the doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was the main doctor in a community hospital in the northern Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old man .
And then I was very busy , I was a little bit in the time .
He just went on .
I saw his throat , it was a little pink .
And two days later I went to the next save , and that was my high school on my own to speak for me in her room .
" Do you remember the pain of your throat ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and recover after a few days .
But every time , they all shoved me , they were all my eyes .
That 's the system we have .
In about 20 years I wrote and I wrote a lot of medical media , I 've been working on the process of doing the same thing to learn everything that could , from one of my first lessons I wrote to the Star Wo-MED
And what I learned is that there is a wrong thing .
We work in a system in which is wrong , and in which 10 dollars is one or a single , or a misconception of the dose , in which the bacteria are starting from the hospital , and more and more and deadly .
In both cases , this is the low-funded estimates that we haven 't been able to get this problem , because we haven 't been able to get this problem .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have the pre-po-trusting decisions , for example , I can accept that a patient has a perfect patients .
With those things , wrong is unconventional .
So , if you process the system , as I 've been taught , and I 've got rid of all the wrong health workers , there 's no one .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The medical person , in the concept , is the human with meat , knows you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of the wrong thing , but trying to learn something from what she 's going to happen to do something else
She was very supporting when people were talking about their wrong wrong .
And she just made the wrong thing , not " A started " A 's " which is " which is supporting , the situation that people can be better .
Anyone of you can all be famous on the Internet on the Internet , on the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video that is uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhh , wwwww !
Whereas this video is posted in January .
In fact , it 's a reason that Jimmy Kimel .
Sixth , six . The city of six , the sixth-lived thing , the last week . The Friday , Friday . Year . You don 't think we have a conversation today without this video , I hope that .
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is a graph that shows it .
Well , Tosh.0 has seen , and many online reassuring the online reassuring it .
Michael J. Nelson from the mystery of the mystery is one of the first people posted a joke about this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version of " Fiday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Someone has created an old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , but we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the characteristics of media , but it 's not true for the media today , but they 're going to decide how to solve the future .
And my new company was trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... attention to the community .
Huh . I 'm going to wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , what do I do ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story started here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that time that there was no change from the time that had been the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do that with drill and machines .
We 're going to get out of the magic that 's replaced with machines .
They prevent creativity .
I 've been illustrating books from 16 years old .
It 's becoming more important than the more senses .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it 's always interesting to me .
Another idea of gathered me when she was a big land-bounding , maybe the only thing that was being collected in a single thing .
We all heard about the first girls , we all heard about the gods , but who don 't in India know about India , the Aparaja ?
So , in the way that we have to go back to this child , you have to go out , and , in one program , take a flower and notes it .
In another program , you have to take a piece of a tree and notes it .
And what happens is that you 'll create a digital collection of techniques that you can show up online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , maybe , this is a year , and this is a kind of time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to illustrate , graph is really silly .
Now if I draw graphs , for example , other technology , maybe the technology that is uploading , on a logical curve , it looks very rational , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history of technology that 's going to be more advanced by changing the next few years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is there ?
What is the new state that the world is going to be ?
Because this process seems very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from when we go to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not very much about 30 , 50 years later , because when it 's all going to be very different from something that we 're going to do today , there 's nothing in
And so I think this picture has its meaning if people look at it with a few billion years .
But now these oils don 't really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly randomly in a lot of chemistry .
It 's just a fundamental chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when those drop out of the trick to extract .
In fact , all the living organisms are stored by its genome by the same and the code is completely similar .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This is what this is to allow the bacteria to form that can form that in which includes the same bacteria that are together ; they are cooperating .
And so they 're alive or dying , which means , if a community is good , all of those individuals in the community , they produce more individuals and they evolved in positive ways .
And so , the next process is very interesting in life that life is about a billion years .
And at that moment , we can multiply , the pants have a different types of cells , working together as a single one .
The skin cells of people are not going to work if lack of the existence of heart cells , cells , brain cells and other cells .
The next process is in these pants .
These cells , again , starting to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a fish can live , for example , learn not to eat something that 's not good because it 's not good and that fish can be uncomfortable when it 's eating that .
That nervous system , the fact that they form specific structures , has rapidly pushed the process .
Because evolution can happen in a fish .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here talking about the natural disasters , hoping to make up in the head of people a thoughtful thought and ambiguity and ambiguity and dreams , and sometimes , like my thinking .
This allows us to exist as a living body .
Tradition , computer , video , CD and many other things are the tools that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a larger community and more likely to evolve beyond us .
This process is just going on and become , I guess , the emotions are from the right -- when a process of changing its changing rate .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that my device is used to design computers can 't use if there 's not been recently in the computer industry .
So now , what I do is design with complex levels seem to be possible if design is traditional .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connection machine .
Instead , what I did is that the design of the design that the designers are doing at the Foretical Development , which is that we think about the level of extracting and put that filter into the machine and that machine using more effective
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the ways we don 't even understand .
A special method that I 'm still using is a lot of evolution .
Or , in other words , " The computer , you can make hundreds of millions of random rules .
In other words , I 'm going to define what I want .
And so let 's copy them with the reorganization of the same thing as reproduction . "
Take two programs and they create products by giving their subtituting rules , and product is highly active in the nature of two programs .
Maybe we can make some changes .
So , I 'll have a perfect program with the number of numbers .
In fact , they 're more effective than a lot of programs I can write .
They are very ambiguity and bizarre programs .
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details that work to give you a safe flight . ' It doesn 't make you feel confidence ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the building of the normal building .
Because all of this technology is all motivated themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's going to be chasing us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite like Peace Corps for computer-page .
We chose some candidate candidates every year , they 'll work with the city .
There they 'll write a great app , working with the team of staff .
How can it find help in the situation ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that the city never had taken off the firefights .
But one member of the member is Erik Michael-Ober , attention to another , which is that people are still natural to get the first place .
Every time you have to put it , and he 's called the first name of Al .
This is a small application .
Maybe the smallest of 21st-sized and members of the last year .
But it did something that doesn 't work .
A guy in the city of Honolulu , who knew about this app and realized he could use it , not for the snow , but to people to define the gods .
It 's important to do these lights , but there 's a lot of energy from them .
Chicago software applications for people to put up the tubswalk the sidewalk as the snow .
Now there are nine cities that are planning to use this app .
Last year , we had a team of three people working on a last two-and-a-half months in Boston .
The project that 's helping my parents find the right job with their children .
Some people say to us that as normal , to build a software that will have to lose at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California that 's spent two billion dollars taxes , but still doesn 't work .
That means that the uniform doesn 't control , always reminds and reproduction of new things .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more of the action of the social action with the power of the electronic technology .
They haven 't been rid of it .
Now there are lots of people who lose their own government .
Like many people , I thought the government was just starting to vote .
After two years , I 've been able to get the special conclusion with local government , about the dancers .
He type " Operum " in the mainstream data .
This is the effect of the people who come in the Cultural room in Boston .
But what happens with Citizens Conference .
Good sleep , the dancers are very much more love . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is the technology approach to real life .
When this person helps the other , our community becomes bigger .
If you call the animal center , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we often spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that governments will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but then there
But that contrary to us what we have and pay for the thing against us , and then it 's harmony ourselves .
There 's a person who thinks it 's very interesting .
Because it 's where the real work of the government is happening .
That 's what Ocuciety has done .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but it 's the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do without the state of the representative government for all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their war is not like us not going to be people who are going to be a voice ; they all have to do that .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can process the watercoler , and many people have done that .
But the applications like the reminder that we don 't just use , and we 're not just the consumer , taxes and taxes and get the service .
Moreover , we are citizens .
And we can 't be able to regulate government until we do good for citizens .
I have a question for all of you : When are important things that need to come to our shared hand , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of voices , or we 're going to be a group of hands ?
And I really think the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients .
One of the things we did at the University of Radboud was a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It has a button in the middle of the turn .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's best possible because this is called the equal pressure , the equal pressure that has helped patients -- since it 's used to obesity , it can also use to get to the patients to get rid of smoking .
Winding techniques are used and starting with them to make sense of being easy for patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where are there the most recent AED to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to introduce this device not just AEDU4 that this product is called , but AEDUSS .
Because , maybe , this is photography that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's a little bit of a passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , processed on the plan .
These pictures like this : building a place along the crowd-pound .
But it has a turning point that doesn 't want .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the context of creating hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that the images are also shared a process .
It 's really just a little bit of a different reality .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of images should have a general disconnected .
Second , combine images should have the same light .
And two pictures are satisfying two conditions -- All right at the same level and at the same same time .
So by combining color , the same reflection and light in the boundaries between different images , addictions of the field , in the deepest disabled , the color and the shirt , we delete the edges between the different images and
But this picture is completely created by different parts of the different areas .
I think that it 's easier to even create a context than finding the context , because then you don 't have to be able to put the ideas in the head .
And there 's this idea for the winter , I know I 've got to lose a few months to prepare , to find different places for the images .
For example , the fish are caught in the journey .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
Every tool is here , and the only thing we 're doing is imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Grat Grow .
And just for a few years , LEG , the LEO had been in every house .
LEO has taken the concrete brick , building blocks , and made it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic-positive cell that will take us from the world of the world of the world of the world that every interactive thing that interacts together .
It 's like concrete , transistor allow you to build larger circuits and more complex , every brick .
My personalization is not accepted this , that the bricks builds the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleBit is electronics with different functions .
You 're blue with green , you can make the circuit .
Instead of the cube , like this , and now you have a flash of lightning light .
Try add this jar and now you 've created an engine .
We 've been giving a little kids and we 've been playing with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of kids and watching them playing with aittle .
And that 's a great experience .
We also put theittleBits to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unable about the electronic phone starting with the game that we 're playing with a creative tool .
And here you 'll see , with a cloth , paper and the water , the Heardie made ...
A few weeks ago we took the RISD to RISD and gave them some designers to have no experience with the card , wood and paper -- and told them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government found out that the documentary of the thinking is that they can get to get to the humanitarianism of these optimism .
But today , at this moment , in 2011 , if you have a laser printer from any printer that 's called the age of the print and if you try to print a paper page is that there are a yellow dots that are labeled on
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this kind of crime is very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the typical examples of the millionaires coming from the world of people who get money from the attacks .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that today is risk that we become a victim of the world is bigger than the real world .
And a clear fact that these dysfunction is getting worse .
In the future , most of the legal criminals will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous has been up in the last 12 months and became a very important force in this cybercriminals .
So we have three groups of attacks : criminals with their own money for hackers like Anonymouses that work against our government , government is attacking us .
There are lots of cases like what happened in DigiNotar .
They had to subtain the last year because their network had been destroyed .
On the last week , in a meeting with the Dutch government , I had a question for their leaders that he saw was not that if someone had to die because Digoti was attacked .
DigiNotar is a service company .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using a kind of knowledge-torn-torn service with SSL , which is the service that Gmmmmm is using .
We all , or at least part of us are using Gmail or another email , and these services are popular in the institutions like Iran , where the people who are used to use the service from the foreign service , because they know the Gm
And it creates the evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNot .
In this documentary , these are notes from a company that has been in Germany , sold for Egyptian government to hear a lot of high-tech tools to hear in a big scale of all the communication and exchange of people .
This is the main universe of that company .
But the Western government does it right now in their country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people found the Tanjan Scuinstin , is a German-ban government who used to investigate their citizens .
They heard your Internet media .
They even use tools like Tojin Scuinstin to infect your computer , and from that they can get all the information you 've been talking about , there 's all the conversation through your Internet , and there 's your
So why do I worry ?
But this is not a reasonable .
Pivil Rights don 't have to argue .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we believe , in a blind way of blinding in any future , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
