This story hasn 't end .
Let me tell you about a few pieces of pieces .
Imagine a first piece : a man who burned his career .
Imagine , a radicalist in the Guo , the real truth that his life was cost .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now you 're making fun .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to go through this life in my hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has tried to fall out of us , but we 've suffered .
My mother , Maai , 18 years old , when my parents died -- had married , a marriages of marry , had two young girls .
So after four years , a more denial school than in the story , a boat that was a camouflower .
If we were arrested , first of my children and me , and she would drink .
We settled at Freder , the suburbs of the labor in which the population is immigrant .
A long-term memory , because it 's got to wear six years .
The re-trance and a voice might say , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
She opened the computer store and then I went to a trained opportunity and open a business opportunity .
We 're looking for aid and aid .
The center is set up .
In the world , I was in the dreadful pieces of life , tragic damage , violence , and addressed and she was stressed .
And because of that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in Australia 's year .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was my mother was also my mother when we were on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was also celebrated , new people , present -- and not just one thing we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went to my emotional .
I collected a small team with us , " No , " is a fascinating challenge .
On the day , I made a huge soup of soup so we eat .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is like that in centuries .
In 17 years old , she became his two-year-old , he was beat her .
I was bathing in a hotel room in Sydney , at her moment , 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the end of a night , and he told us that he had to be a financial gift .
She told us to her her father .
My mother asked me , " Why does my mother warmth , but the whole person interrupted ? "
I want to have a baby , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother today is here in the fourth fourth or five .
It 's a great honor for me to be here and share with people .
I had to go through a long time in prison , after iron and in prisoners for the prisoner of the people who were born .
I also spent a long time in the community of people who have low income with projects and place filled with despair .
And I came here to be encouraged and I listened to this , and I was listening to a lot of the press for me .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important is really important .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family and a regime of my generation and my grandmother was a family .
Three parents are actually a slave .
She 's hard , but she 's also very tired .
When I was a little girl , every time I looked at her , she would go to her and get me to my hat .
She hated me so much , I was breathing and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'd come to her and said , " Brank , are you still feeling like your hug ? "
And if I said , " No , " she 'll come back to me , " I 'll say , " I 'm going to say , " You 're going to let me alone .
She 's a very careful way that you 're always going to be near .
My mother was a youngest son in the house .
At sometimes , I was in the side of her , but I was hard to have her care time .
And I remember , at the age of eight , nine , something that has a morning , I woke up , and I saw all my sisters around the room .
At first , I was thinking we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " I 'm like , " I 'm like , "
" The first thing she wanted to promise was she was always love to love her mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise is that it was always going to do the right thing .
I said , " No , no , no , no , no , two . You 're not going to drink a drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people go , go on . "
I 'm not supposed to say .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do it right , is moral ; that I want to talk about the power of human rights .
We can make them work in what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for a banned and sold wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prison .
America has now been the highest prisoner of the world .
And there are seven million people who are stored or educated .
And three black men in 18 to 30 years , there was a prisoner in prison , had been stolen or educated .
Our system is not just shaped by such ways , not only by the time , not just by ethnic distinction but also distorted by poverty .
Even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and the political anger that we believe is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this was what I was interested in .
And there was a silence .
Many of my lot of them are still very small .
We have a prisoner that 's not very young for children .
We 're actually doing kids 's lawsuit .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'm going to speak up to the prisoners .
But there 's still another way of thinking about where we are in our own humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether whether people have a death or not whether we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We 're not dismoniged .
We 've been hard to talk about race , because we 're not going to be ready to admit the truth and reconcile .
I had some of the talks in Germany about the death row .
And it was amazing that my speech , there was a scholarship to stand up and said , " I 'm very annoying to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no video .
How would you feel if you live in a world where Germany did the death sentence , especially when it was Jewish .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , in the Southwives , we 're still making the same life that you can have the ability to get 11 times as white as black people are black and compared to black people , and 22 times as black as black people who
And so , there is a way of separation .
Technology , love creativity .
Well . We have a reason , we 're devoted to the wisdom .
They 're coming from ideas and then being told by the heart of the heart .
Vaclav Havel , a great leader of the checklist , talked about this .
And it 's just about what it is .
I was here and I heard them after a few hours , she Parked came and said , " Well , Bran , let me tell you about the justice of the justice .
So I started talking about yelling .
When I said my whole , she looked at me and said , " Well , yeah . "
I really think that the TED community needs to be courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that inequality .
Because in the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that it 's true for people on this planet .
I think if someone lying , they 're not just a lie .
And so , we have the basic price of the law that protects .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , many of the world , the paradox of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that even though it 's very exciting , very exciting , very exciting and very exciting provocative , but we 're not going to be judged by technology , by our mind and ideal .
Because that 's the implications of what we start to have a profound insight about who we are .
Occasionally , when I lost my balance , I 'd end up with this story .
Sometimes I tried too hard .
And I did the representatives of the children who were very heavy .
I went to my prison , and that was 13 , 14 , and he was allowed to be in front of court as a big person .
Why can a building you become a person you 're not ?
I was in the next morning , I woke up and thought , I had dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be difficult .
I whispered my ear .
It has a very profound implications for the human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the hope of hope .
And when I walked into , the judge saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all of the screaming .
He jumped his germa to the guard guard .
Thank you very much .
So you 've heard and you 've seen the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his way and do something with this .
For example , if you live in California , then spring is going to have a national sphere here , we 're trying to re-fire a money that uses a punishment .
For example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for five years from the next five years . Yeah , a million dollars .
56 percent of the rape 's rape was not processed .
The rate of prison is in the United States is really not violent crime .
And so we have three wars against people who are stressed themselves for stealing bike or steal the repetitional constraints , because they 're paying them back to the private property .
I believe we need to do more work to help people who are being successful by crime , not least less .
Bryan , you actually have the psychology of people here .
And because that idea could be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill in time .
He came here in 1835 as you know pretty well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , is still to pay for a different concept called the transition of the hip .
I went there in 1971 , researching in the West Africa .
I went there because I was growing up in Europe and I wanted to be able to do that later Africa .
Even though I can actually get to life there .
This is my first sun .
And the slim surrounded by the palm of the palm you can see , some of the mangrog .
There 's a whole lot of about 20 inches in a new type of robot that 's a pilot with a black-handed-handed-hand .
The dreadful of this black-minded fishing can stabilize the number of fish and they actually have a fairly common amount of people who are more likely to get the average income in Ghana .
They 're hitting the age of five-centimeter .
So nothing changes , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , starting from the ' 60s -- Europe has done a lot of development projects .
And this boat here , pretty bad , is called Mutia .
What we 're going to do , we don 't find from the definition of it .
The thing is that the bottom-offs are pulled up on the boat then was thrown back back .
These pictures are so astassing for this movement that happens so fast .
Within a year , you did a survey that was a commercial fishing .
These species are not consumed , they 're thrown out because they died .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from the yard here in biodiversity , the number of the number of whales of the forest , the water supply .
Every generation will use these images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a greater extent , is what we want to do now .
You 're just losing the rare animals .
They become more scarcely because we 're beat them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , and scientists would argue that before it was really different .
For example , the story that some of the people told the story of the Creu , which was watching a lot of fish in this region that could not eat or not used by the pre-tristologists of fish arrested because it
Because with the marine areas that we 're actually re-border .
I think art and movies can be compensible , and the simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " If you think about how it 's moving people like -- don 't notice the story of Pahahontalas -- why is being wobored by the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices you do in a day ?
Recently , I 've been surveying with over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of choices that the typical people have done is about 70 times per day .
There was been a survey that was done with CEOs that we had followed the CEO for a week .
And scientists have led all these different tasks that these CEOs are and they spend a lot of time to do these decisions .
Of course , every single task is a lot of small choices .
Now , think about your own choices .
If no , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their own sewage .
We 've opened a little sheet of little tastes on the door .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we put 24-worth of coco , and when we only had six , there were only 40 percent .
And then , we realized in the case of people like buying a bottle of junk .
Now we see the opposite effect .
Of the people who stopped when we gave 24 , three percent of them bought a bottle of a junk .
And in the same number of people who stopped when only six six-pounded , suddenly , when we saw 30 percent of them bought a bottle of a junk .
Now , try to make a little less than six times as much as people want to buy a bottle of square when they see six categories , when they see 24 .
The topic is going to continue : financial saving .
And what we see is that the number of resources available in the retirement saving of 401 plan has a potential to save more tomorrow .
So if you look at the better design that the funding for two billion financial resources are around the mid-As , we 're not going to be able to get out .
Now these are not the events that are the choices that anyone of us who are told everyone when you look at the financial competition .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've tested in many ways in surveys you can apply to your business .
People were always confused when I said , " It 's slow . "
When Proctor and Gamble down from 261 , Shoulders down 15 percent , they saw the increase of sales .
When the Golden Caten ended up the best of the worst products for the cat , they saw the increase in the profit in eight percent of the increase of the increase of the increase and cutout .
You know , the average stores of today are giving you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human being .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So the lesson I did with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandrovitrovit , we did a lesson with people in INGN staff , who worked at ING and now these people in a
And during this stage we 've been back to this stage , but we 're just a little bit more .
We can solve more of the more than we solve choices .
It shows that Wegman 's shop , and under the freeway of the northern sector , all over 33 different kinds of magazine , until 664 .
Now these are two different types of different types of different types of different types .
If you think the left on the left is Swiss and the right is Jazz , you 're going to get your clapping .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and on the right is Swiss , you 're going to get your hand .
All right , more .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to get a complex increase .
You have over 60 different decisions , to get your entertainment .
The color , the color on me , I 've got 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that these decisions exist .
If you click the " button " for each decision , that means you 're getting too many choices , that means you lose me .
With the same source , the same number of choices .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the line that information is shown in that .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me a tremendous interest in this big product that I 'm attaching to it , so I 'm happy to motivate and I 'm busy .
Let me share the general .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the size of the shadow .
Just 10 times three times .
By the way , that 's a global player that 's four times four times safe .
Clearly this is not okay , right ?
But , but , you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the 's going to be a cardiac surgeon , a nurse or a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I am a student who was obsessed with perfection .
I learned in my little little shrimp in my medical school in the Toronto hospital , not farming .
I learned in the original surgery that started and worked on every single , every branch of every single transplant circuitry , complex diseases , rare and rare .
And during the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of Health asked heart , is to explore the patient .
And I met her Dr.uckucker , she was very hard .
This situation happens when your heart doesn 't work , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood flowing into lung , and then blood flows up with lung , and so the patient 's going to breathe .
And that 's when I first broke my first mistake ; I gave her the hospital .
I gave her a library without talking to the police officer .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lacked confidence that I asked the nurse , and I was asking her , " Don 't you get her to work ? "
And the nurse thought , and I said , " Oh , I think she 's going to be okay . "
So I signed the paper of the hospital , and the ambulance car , the doctor brought her home .
I went through the room on the way home .
3.S. : Does remember ?
She came back and near the death .
About a hours after she came home , after I left her home , she had a stroke and she called her and she brought her back to the emergency room and her blood pressure was 50 , in serious shock .
And the staff of saving all the way .
They put her into the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking it .
And I 'm sitting on the train , because after she stabilized , she 's brought into a special care unit , and I hope that she 's going to be able to recover .
You know that empowerment , when you leave a secret that you 're never going to have to break down and then you 're being exposed and you 're the most and you 're the most likely to get your two-looking ,
This is a kind of embarrassment .
And I just wonder .
Why don 't I ask the doctor 's instructions ? Why not to the patient ?
Two years later I was the officer in the department of a department hospital in Northern Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old man with a throat .
And I was busy , I was a little bit hurried .
He just just just went on .
I looked at his throat , it was a pink pink .
And two days later I went to the next level of saving , and that was my time on my own personal talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember your painter ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and restore after a few days .
But every time , they all snegate me , I 'm all looking at me .
That 's the system we have .
For about 20 years I wrote and I did a lot of medical literature , I was studying the probability and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could , from one of my first poem I wrote to the Starbean Wooming on my TV show
And what I learned was that there was a mistake around .
We work in a system in which is wrong , and there are 10 hours of drugs , or whether or prescribed or prescribed the dose of the disease , in that bacteria , the bacteria that are starting from the hospital , and
In both cases , this is low-funded estimates compared to reality , because we don 't have access to this issue that we have to be .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have pre-conceived bias , for example , I can accept a victim of breast cancer .
With those things , wrong is a resistance .
So , if you process the system , like I 'm taught , and remove all the wrong medical staff , it 's not going to be left .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The doctor , in the concept of redefining , is the human being with meat , you know , you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of the wrong thing , but trying to learn something from what she could have taught somebody
You 're very supportive when people talk about their mistakes .
And she 's just mistake of other people , not " A " arrest , " but a way of supporting , to make people better .
Anyone of you can all be famous on the Internet on the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So what is this happening ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh , wowwww !
Whereas this video was written up in January .
In fact , Jimmy Kimm .
Second , sixth . Rives on the street on Friday , people are waiting for the weekend , at the end of six , six , six , X-tacks on the Friday , you don 't think that we have this talk
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is graph diagram .
Well , Tosh , there were a lot of online web diets started writing about it .
Michael J. N. Nelson from the theater of the mystery of the first theater , one of the first people who posted a joke on this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version of imitation " Friday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Someone created an old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does that mean ?
And these are not the media points before , but as most of the media , but they 're going to determine the entertainment of the future .
And my new company was founded in the environment by paying attention to ...
... attention to contribute from the community .
Huh . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all of this ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story begins here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that there was no change from time that was the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do it with drill and machine .
The conclusion we 're going to get is magic is replaced with machines .
They prevent creativity .
I 've been making books since 16 years old .
The story is becoming more and more of the more important .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it was always interesting to me .
Another idea that I 'm a little bit of a big idea is that a big bias can be collected in a single tragic .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about the women , but who don 't in India , but we know about the Indian version , the Angara ?
So , in this way to return to this kidney , you have to go out , and , in a chapter , take a flower and notes it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a sticky and notes it .
And what happens is that you create a digital collection of digital that you can display online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , and so many other possibilities .
Next , if you can go on this report .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curt , maybe , it 's five , this is a kind of time , and no matter what I 'm trying to demonstrate , graphs are very stupid .
Now if I plot graphs , for example , another technology , maybe the technology of technology , on a bacet , it looks like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history of technology that 's growing up by changing the course of a few years .
That 's what can happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so , what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is exist ?
What is the new state that the world is ?
Because this process is very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from when we approach it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not very much about 30 , 50 years later , because it 's all going to be very different from a very simple extraction that we 're doing today , there 's nothing
And so , I think this picture is what it means if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today , these oil drops are not really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all the random form of chemicals .
It 's just a basic kind of basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the drops are getting to the trick .
In fact , every living organism is sequencing its genome with the same-handed system and the code of the same .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This media allows the bacteria to form that bacterial communities can form that in which includes bacterial microbes ; they combine together .
And so they 're alive or dying , which means , if a good community development , all the individuals in the community , they 're producing more individuals and they evolved in positive .
And so , the next process is really interesting in life that 's about a billion years .
And at that moment , we have multinational individuals , the colony that has a different number of different types of cells , working together as a single organ .
The skin cells of people will not have any effect if lack of existence of heart cells , the cells , the brain cells and many other cells .
The next process is happening in these subjects .
These cells , again , start extracting information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of these pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a single individual can be , for example , learn not to eat something that is because it 's not delicious and it 's hard to eat it .
That neural system , the fact that they form these specific structures , which quickly accelerated the evolution .
Because evolution can happen in a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here in the moment , hopefully , in the beginning of people , and it 's a bit of messy and ambiguous and a little bit like my thinking .
This allows us to start living as a living organism .
The phone , computers , video , CDs and other things are the devices that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a much wider community and more likely to move further than we 've ever seen before .
This process is self-assembly and become , I guess , self-spressing is from the right process -- when a process of self-enhancing its speed .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of this curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that my device used to design computers can 't use if there 's no technology in the computer industry .
So now , what I do is I 've been working with complex level of complexity that seems to be possible if design them in traditional ways .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connectivity .
Instead , what I do is that the design of the design is doing at the U.N. syndrome , which is that we think about the level of refreshold and put that extracting into the machine and that machine uses more efficient and
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the methods we don 't even understand .
A particularly interesting approach that I 'm still using is a lot of progress .
Or other words , " computers , you can give hundreds of millions of random random rules .
In other words , I 'm going to define what I want .
And let 's copy them with the same re-border process . "
Take two programs and they 'll create products by exchange their subtitous rules , and products are appreciated by the rules of two programs .
Maybe it 's a few mutations .
So over the process , I 'll have perfect program with the digital arrangement .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than a program I can write .
They are very , very , very , very , very clinically .
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details in the same way to give you a safe flight . ' It 's not making you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the design design of the design .
Because all this technology is driving its own growth .
But I think there 's something that 's clicking us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is pretty much like Peace Corps for the computer .
We 're selecting a couple of every year , they 're going to work with the city of cities .
And there they 'll write a great app , working with the staff of staff .
How can it search for help in the situation of a two-dimensional situation ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that cities never never cut off the firefits .
But a member called Erik Michael-Ober , pay attention to another thing , which is that people still have lost their way to walk in front of that .
Every time you do that , you have to put it , and he 's called the first place .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of 21 applications and members of the last year .
But it did a job without a government .
A guy in the city of Honolulu knows about this app and realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but to people who are going to define the alert the alarm .
These lights are very important , but there 's a whole energy from them .
Chicago software applications for people to scribble the next sidewalk as the snow .
Now there are nine cities now on the U.N. planning .
Last year , we had a team of three people working working on a two-month-half months in Boston .
The project that the parents looked for the right place with their children .
Some people say to us , as usual , to build a software that will take a little bit of two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California system that has spent two billion dollars taxes , but still don 't work .
That means that the uncontrolled control , always suggest and reproduction new things .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more than the action of the digital power of electronics .
They didn 't get out .
Now there are many people who lose their own governments .
Like many people , I think the government is just people who go to vote .
After two years , I 've been identified a particular conclusion with local government , about the dimentists .
He type " Orosive " in the official data .
This is the achievement of the remarkable people in the city of Boston .
But what happened to Citizens Connan Conference .
Good sleep , the RaVurum . "
It 's pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how technology is real life .
When this person helped this , our community became more powerful .
If you call the center of the animal , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we used to spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sat back and hope that government would reflect our values and satisfying our need , but then
But that contemptive that we helped us see what we have and pay for us to us , and then we do ourselves .
Some people think politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real jobs are happening .
That 's what OcifySPT did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to get what we need to do without regulate ourselves for all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their battle is not like we 're not going to be a person on the hour ; they all have to do it .
They used their hands .
Sure , we can handle the water hydrotherap , and many people have done it .
But the applications like the reminder that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just the government 's government , contribute to tax and get back to the service .
More than that , we are citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we do a good job .
I have a question for all of you here : When are important things that matter to our shared , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of hours , or we 're going to become a group of hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients anymore .
One of the things we 're doing at the University of Radbod is a very careful listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It has a knot in the middle of the middle of the short .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's best possible because this is called the peer pressure , the peer pressure pressure has helped patients -- since it 's used to be obese , it can also use to patients to smoke .
Waking the techniques that are used and start with them to make sense of comfort for patients in the group .
Another thing is that we know all the gas stations .
But where are there the most recent AED , can we help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device not just AEDU that this product is called , but the AEDUS .
Because , perhaps , this is a photographer that you can 't bring in cameras .
It 's a bit of a passion for my interest , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , the process is planned .
These pictures like this : building a place alongside the crowd .
But it has a light-tettering point .
What makes it hallucinations ?
Sometimes the visual landscape creates illusions .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that the combination of images are also shared with a process .
It 's actually just a really different kind of thing .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that combine the images should have a general background .
Second , combine these pictures should have a light .
And two pictures are both satisfying two conditions -- pretty much at the same level and at the same time .
So by combine color , the contrast and the light in the boundaries between different images , addictures to the depth of the field , desalination and dust , we delete the lines between the different image and make it as a single one ,
But this picture is completely created by different parts of the different areas .
I personally think that it 's easier to create contexts , find the context , because then you don 't have to organize ideas anymore .
And this idea of all over the winter , I knew I had to take a few months to prepare , to find different places for the images of the image .
For example , the fish are caught in the sentence .
There 's always a starting with a sketch , a idea .
All right here , and the only thing that makes our limits is to imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called Growse .
And just in a few years , LETO had been in all the houses .
LEO has taken the concrete block , the building blocks of the world , and make it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic electronic plastic that will take us from the world of the tiles of blocks to the world that everything interacted together .
It 's like concrete , transistors allow you to build large circuits and more complex , each one bricks .
My own personal dissonance , that the bricks built up the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleB is the electronic structures with different functions .
You attach blue with green , you can make a lamp .
Instead of the flipple of the form , like this , and now you have a flash-bound light bulb .
Glass this jacet and now you create an analogy .
We 've put the kids on the little kids and we 've seen them playing with the mittances .
And that 's a great experience .
We also bring the veloccits to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unstable , but we 're not a little bit of electronics to start playing with the mittances of creative .
And here you 're going to see , with the hoodle , and paper and bottle , I 'd say , "
A few weeks ago we gave the DISBay to RISD and put them for a few designers with no art with the cover , wood and paper -- and tell them that " Let 's do something . "
If the government comes out of the data that 's not true , they can get people who are the subject of these optimism .
But today , at this moment in 2011 , if you bought a laser printer from any printer that was a printer called the age and if you were going to print a paper that would have a little yellow dots that would have the yellow dots on all of
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this motivated of this kind of criminal criminal is very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the examples of the million examples of the world are making money from the cybercriminal world .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm afraid that today is that the risk of the situation we become a victim of the crime in the real world .
And a real fact that these risks are getting worse .
In the future , most of the laws of criminal organizations will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous , who were up in December 12 months and became a force in this cybercriminal revolution .
So we have three main attacks : the criminal justice for the form of hackers like Anonymous , which is our government , and the government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happened at DigiNotarot .
They had to submit the last year because their system was destroyed .
In the last week , in a meeting with the Nutch government , I had a question for a leader that he could see that if someone had to die because DigotNotot was attacked .
DigiNotot is a company that provides a real service .
In fact , you need a real evidence , if you have a website using a decentrician service with the SSL code , which is the service that Gmmmm is using .
All of us , or at least we 're using Gmail or another email , and these services are common in the countries like Iran , where the mainborigrators are using the services from the outskirts like Gmail
And create the prosthetic evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNotar .
In this material is a note from a company that has been in Germany to sell the government of Egypt , a lot of high-tech tools to hear a big scale of all the tribes and discussions of people .
This is the main office .
But the Western government also did it in its own country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people had discovered the SAjan Scuinst , which was a German soldier that used to investigate their people .
They heard your Internet sugar .
They even use tools like Tujuan Scinstin to infect your computer , and from that they can get all information you to change , there 's your whole conversation through your web , and your passwords .
So why do I worry ?
But this argument is not rational .
Privilism is not a content .
This is a problem between liberty and control .
And so we have trust , a blind way of any future government , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
