This story hasn 't ended .
Let me tell you about a few pieces of pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his career .
Imagine he , a radicalist in the Gow , the real truth that his life wasted .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now you 're making fun .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to go through this life in hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has tried to fall out of us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Maas , 18 years old , when my parents died -- had married , a marriages of a little girl .
So after four years , a more natural school than in the story , a boat that was a camel that was a fish ruster .
If we were arrested , first of my children and me , and she would drink .
We settled at Fredit , the suburbs of labor in the population of the population , the people of immigrants .
A long-term contract to the eyes , because it 's got to be in six years .
The re-truned and a silence , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
She opened the computer store and she was training a different business and open-up business .
We 're looking for aid and aid .
The center is created .
In the world , I was in the tread of the dydropa , the tragic damage , the violence and the dubbles .
And because of that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in Australia 's year .
I don 't know about the wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was my mother was at my mother when we were on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was being made , the new guy , the present -- and not just one thing that we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went to my emotional .
I collected a small team with us , " No , " is a compelling challenge .
I was a huge soup of a huge soup that we had to eat .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is that it 's been in centuries .
In 17 years old , she became his two-year-old , he was beat her .
I was in a hotel room in Sdney , at her moment , 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the middle of a night , and he told us that he had to close it .
She told us to get her hands .
My mother asked me , " Why is my mother warmth , but the whole person is cool ? "
I want to have a child , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother today is here in the fourth or five-year-old .
It 's a great honor for me to be here and share with people .
I had to go through a long time in prison , after iron and in prisoners for the prisoner who was made the death sentence .
I also had spent a long time in the community of people who had low income with the project and the place of despair .
And I came here and I was encouraged and I listened to this , and I was listening to a lot of my press .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important thing .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family and a non-profit and a model of my grandmother , and I was a family .
Three parents were actually a slave .
She 's hard , but she 's also very pearse .
When I was a little girl , every time I looked at her , she would go to my hug and get me in my life .
She hugged me down to my body , and she was going to go .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'd come to and say , " Bran , are you still feeling like your hug ? "
And if I said , " No , " she 'll come back to me , " I 'm going to say , " I 'm going to let me .
She 's a very characteristic way you 're going to be in .
My mother was a youngest son in the house .
Sometimes , I went and I was on her side , but she was hard to have a moment of interest to me .
And I remember , at the time , I was about eight , nine years old , and I woke up , I was going to go , and I saw all my sisters around the room .
At first , I thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " I 'm like , " I 'm like , " I said , " "
" The first thing she wanted to promise was that she was always loved to love her mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise was that it was always going to do the right thing , and it was hard to get . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no , no . You 're not going to drink a drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . I 'm not going to be . You 're going to go on . "
I 'm not supposed to say .
I 'm not saying , because I think I 'm doing that , is moral ; that I want to talk about the power of human rights .
We can make them work in the things they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for the banking and sold the wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prison .
America has now been the highest in the world .
And there are seven million people who are being stressed or being repressive .
And three black men in the age of 18 to 30 , there was a prisoner in prison , or being stolen .
Our legal system is not just shaped by ways , not just being turned out by the racial , but also being distorted by the poor .
Even though , we seem to be able to feel comfortable with this .
The fear and the political anger that we believe is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this was what I was interested in .
And there was a silence .
Many of my restaurants are still very small .
We have a prisoner in our own life , not very young for children .
We 're actually doing the children 's lawsuits .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'm going to speak to the prisoners .
But there 's still a different way of thinking about where we are in our own humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether people have a death or not whether we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this .
But for the African-American in the country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We 're not stopping .
We 've been hard to talk about race , because we 're not going to be ready to admit the truth and reconcile .
I had some of the talks in Germany about the death .
And it was amazing that my speech , there was a scholarship to stand up and said , " Well , I 'm very hard to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no video .
How would you feel if you live in a world where Germany was made the death sentence , especially when it was the Jewish Jew .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , in the Southwestern states , we 're still making the same form of the form of the 11 times as if the victim is white , and the black and the 22 times if it 's black and a black-l
And so , there is a way of preventing .
Technology , love creativity .
Well , we have a sense , we 're devoted to the minds .
They came from ideas and then were sent to the beliefs of the heart .
Vaclav Havel , a great leader of the check , said this .
And it 's just about things .
I was a time and I heard them after a few hours , she Parked to go and said , " Well , Bran , let me tell you about the Self-tent proposition of the justice .
So I started talking about the yard .
When I said my whole point , she looked at me and she said , " Well , yeah . "
I really think that the TED community needs to be bold .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that the injustice .
Because for the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that 's true for people on this planet .
I think if someone lie , they 're not just a lie .
And so , we have the basic price of the law that 's going to be protected .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , many of the world , the paradox of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that even though it 's very cool , very exciting , very exciting , but we 're not going to be judged by technology , by our intelligence , by the mind and the ideal .
Because that 's the consequences of what we 're starting to have a profound view of who we are .
Occasionally , when I lost my balance , I 'm going to end with this story .
Sometimes I tried too much .
And I 've been able to represent the children who are very very very , very heavy .
I went to my prison , and that was 13 , 14 , and he was allowed to be in front of a big man .
Why can you make you a person you 're not ?
I was up and I thought , I was dreamed about a crazy proposition , or I actually wrote it ?
I think this is going to be difficult .
I whispered in my ears .
It has a very profound relationship with the human being in the human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the thinking of hope .
And when I walked into , the judge looked at me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all of the screaming .
He jumped up to the gateke .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and you saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , then this spring will have a population of the people , we 're trying to re-border a part of the money that 's using the punishment .
So for example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for the next five-year-old sentence . Well , a million dollars .
56 percent of the rape 's rape was not processed .
The rate of prison is being lost in the United States is not really violent .
And so , we have three battle against people who are prisoners for stealing a bicycle or steal the high-poler property , because they 're paying them back to the private property .
I believe we need to do more work to help people who are being made by the crime , not to do less .
Bran , you 've actually been the right psychos of people here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill in time .
He came here in 1835 as you know pretty well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , is to be able to address a different concept called the transition of the hip .
I went there in 1971 , researching in the West Africa .
I went there because I was growing up in Europe and I wanted to be able to do that in Africa .
Even though I can have joined with that life .
This is my first sunbeat .
The discovery is surrounded by the palm of the palm , you can see , some of the mangroves .
There 's a whole robot about 20 inches in a non-traver with a beautiful individual with a little-brained-beat-mached robot .
The dilation of this black-madequate-madequate-tranded-to-minded-founding-founding-founding-founding-founding-f
They 're getting at the age of five-centimeter .
So nothing changes , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe was a lot of development projects .
And this boat here , pretty bad , is called Mutia .
What we 're going to do , we don 't find words for it .
The thing is that the bottom-up bottom is that the bottom of the boat is thrown back back .
These pictures are so much more of the visualization of this shift , which is very quickly .
In a year , you do a survey that then the commercial fishing trade .
These species are not consumed , they 're thrown out because they died .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from the yard here in biodiversity , the number of the number of whales that are the forest-border supply of the country , the water supply .
Every generation will use these images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a greater scale , is what we want to do now .
You 're just going to lose rare animals .
They become more scarce , because we 're caught them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , and scientists would argue that before that it was really different .
For example , the story that some of the people told the Conduation was observing a lot of fish in this region that could not eat or not used by the scientists who were arrested because it was not a science .
Because with the sea areas that we 're actually re-border , we 're actually re-border .
I think that art and movies can be able to compensate , and the simulation .
You 'll probably see color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " If you think about how it 's moving people -- don 't think about the Pahaho , what 's been done by the symbol of the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices you do in a day ?
Recently , I 've been surveying with over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of choices that the typical people have done is about 70 times in a day .
There was a survey that was done with CEOs that we had followed the CEO for a week .
And scientists have led all these different tasks that these CEOs are involved and they spend a lot of time to do these decisions .
Of course , every single task is compounded a lot of options .
Now , think about your own choices .
If no , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their own sold .
We 've opened a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a door to the door .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we put 24-pounding , and when we only had six , there were only 40 percent .
And then , we 're aware of what people like to buy a bottle of junk .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the same people who stopped when we gave 24 , three percent of them bought a bottle of jam .
And in the same people stop there only six-pounding , suddenly , when we saw 30 percent of them bought a bottle of a junk .
Now , try to make a little bit of a six-year-old , and the number of people who wanted to buy a bottle of junk when they saw six things , when they saw 24 .
The subject is going to continue to : financial saving .
And what we see is that the number of resources available in the retirement-packed 401-packed 401-pounding plans can be able to save more tomorrow .
So if you look at the same plans that the funding for two billion people who are involved in the mid-sights are not as high as we 're going to be .
Now it 's not the kind of nicknies that are the choices that anyone of us have told people when you look at the financial contribution .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've tested in many ways in many surveys you can apply to your business .
People were always wrong when I said , " It 's slow . "
When Proctor and Gamble down from 26-soltable , and Shoulders down 15 , they found the increase of sales to 10 percent .
When the Golden Cat 's Fat 's remove 10 the worst product for the cat , they find the increase in the profit in eight percent of the increase of the increase of the increase of the increase and the cost of cost .
You know , the average shop stores are now giving you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human being .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So my lesson I did with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandrovitu , and we did a song with people in ITSGs , who worked at ITS and now these people in a stage
And during this stage we 've been able to keep the last stage , but just a little bit of a little bit .
We can solve more of the more , we 're going to solve choices .
It shows that the Wegman 's store and under the east of the Amazon , the most of the time from 331 different types of magazine , to 664 .
Now these are two different types of women .
If you think the left on the left is Swiss and the right is Jazz , you 're going to get your clapping .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and the right is the Swiss , you 're going to get your hand .
All right , more .
This is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
We have to get a little more complicated .
You have over 60 different decisions , to get your entertainment .
The color , the outside , I have 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that these decisions exist .
If you click the " button " for each decision , that means you 're getting too many choices , that means you lose me .
With the same source , the same number of choices .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the line that information is shown in that .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me a huge interest of this big product that I 'm attaching to it , so I 'm happy to be motivated and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the size of the shadow .
Just 10 times , three times .
By the way , that 's a global player that 's four times as safe .
Clearly , it 's not okay , right ?
But , but , you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the number of " Halling for a cardiologist , a nurse or a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I am a student who was obsessed with perfection .
I learned in my little little shrimp in the hospital in the University of Toronto , not far from this .
I learned in the first surgery that started and the activity of every single , every branch of every single artery of the arteries that were separated from the arteries , the complex disease , rare and the use .
And during the process , I collect more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of the heart asked her heart , is to explore the patient .
And I met her Dr.ucker , she was very hard .
This condition is happening when your heart is not normal , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood flowing into lung , and then blood flows up with lung , and so the patient 's going to breathe .
And that 's when I was wrong ; I gave her the hospital .
I gave her a hospital that was not talking about the police officer .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lack confidence that I 'm asking the nurse , and I 'm asking her , " Do you think , " Do you think that the hospital is wrong ? "
And the nurse thought , and I said , " Oh , I think she 's going to be okay . "
So I signed the paper , and I went to the ambulance , and the ambulance of the wound , the doctor brought her home .
I went through the emergency room on the road .
Three words : Is it ?
She came back and approached death .
Happy to her home , after I left her home , she had a stroke and she called her and she had a emergency room and people brought her back to the emergency room and her blood pressure was just 50 , in a serious shock .
And the staff of the room is saving every way .
They put her on the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking it to the bone .
And I 'm sitting on the train , because after she 's stabilized , she 's brought into a special care , and I hope that she 's going to be able to recover .
You know that the strong tiger , when you leave a secret that you 're not going to have to break down and then you 're being separated and you 're the best of your body and two people who have a terrible texture ,
This is a kind of embarrassment .
And I just wonder .
Why don 't I ask the doctor 's doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was the main doctor in the department of a northern Sufus , and I discovered a 25-year-old man who was pneumonia .
And I was busy , I was a little bit of a hurry .
He just just just got it .
I looked at his throat , it was a pink pink .
And two days later I went to the next level of the next day , and that was my time on my own talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember your patients with a throat ? "
You have to vaccinate antibiotics and restore after a few days .
But every time , they all snegate me , I 'm looking at me .
That 's the system we have .
For about 20 years I was writing and I was writing and I was talking about the medical literature , I was studying the probability and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could , from one of my first songs I wrote to the Lo Toronto
And what I learned was that there was a mistake everywhere .
We work in a system in which is wrong , and there are 10 dollars of drugs , or whether or prescribed or a misconceptive , in which the bacteria get from the hospital , and more and more likely to kill the body
In both cases , this is the low-funded expectations compared to reality , because we don 't have access to this problem that we have to be .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have pre-trived bias , for example , I can accept a patient who has a perfect disease .
With those things , wrong is a resistance .
So , if you process the system , like I 'm taught , and remove all the wrong medical workers , it 's not going to be left .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The doctor , in the notion of the definition , is the human being , by the way , you know , you 're just a human , accepting it , no pride , but it 's trying to learn something from that , and it
She was very supportive when others were talking about their mistakes .
And she 's just the mistake of other people , not the " A " A 's " that it 's a supportive , so that people can be better .
Anyone of you can be famous on the Internet on the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So what is this happening ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh , wowwww !
And while this video is posted in January .
It 's actually why Jimmy Kimmel .
Number six , sixth . X-old on the street on Friday , people are waiting for the weekend , last week . Sixth , sixth , six , X-size on the Friday , you don 't think that we have
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is graph graphs that .
Well , Tosh , there were a lot of online signing on the front page .
Michael J. Nelson from the secretary of the secret to the first one of the first people who posted a joke about this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 examples of imitation " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Someone created an old version .
Because we don 't just enjoy it , we 're participating .
Ohhh .
What does that mean ?
And these are not the media 's characteristics of that , but as it 's almost not true for the media today , but they 're going to decide how to solve the future .
And my new company was trying to enter into the environment by paying attention .
... attention to the community .
Hun . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all right now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story started here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that there was no change from the time of the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do that with drill and machine .
The conclusion we 're going to get is magic is replaced by the machine .
They prevent creative inspiration .
I 've been making books since 16 years old .
The story is becoming more and more of the more important .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it was always interesting to me .
Another idea that my mind is that a big , big , big , big , is a huge , huge , a bias can be used to be a single one of the only trace .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about the gods , but who don 't in India , but who knows about India , the Aarara ?
So , in this way to re-border this kid , you have to go out , and in a chapter , take a flower and take it on the name of it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a sticky and tag it .
And what happens is that you 're going to create a digital collection that you can display online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , and so many other possibilities .
Next , if you can go on this report .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curt , it might say , is five , this is a kind of time , and no matter what I 'm trying to demonstrate , graphs are very stupid .
Now if I draw graphs , for example , another technology , maybe the technology of technology , on a benter , it looks like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history of technology that 's gone by changing the way over a few years .
That 's what can happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so , what I 'm asking , is what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is there ?
What is the new state that the world is going to be ?
Because this process is so difficult to know that when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from the way we 're going to go to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not very much about 30 , 50 years later , because it 's all going to be very different from the very simple extrapolt that we 're doing today , there '
And so , I think this picture is what it means if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today , these oils are not really exist , as we say to now , because they 're all the randomness of chemical .
It 's just a basic kind of basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the drops are getting to the trick .
In fact , every living organism is all stored its genome by the same-codling system and the code of the same .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This media allows the bacterial communities that can form that in which includes the same bacteria that are using the same bacteria ; they work together .
And so they 're survived or dying , which means , if a good community development , all the individuals in the community , the self-assembly of the individual and they evolved in positive .
And so , the next process is really interesting in life that 's about a billion years .
And at that moment , we have a multinational body , the colony that has a different number of different cells , working together as a single organ .
The skin cells of people will not have any effect of the heart of the heart , the cells , the brain cells and many other cells .
The next process is that in these communities .
These cells , again , start extracting information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of these pants .
And they 're going to get the advantage in evolution .
So a single individual can be , for example , learn not to eat something that 's not because it 's not tasty and that can be hard to eat it .
That neural system , the fact that they form these very specific structures , which quickly push the evolution .
Because evolution can happen in a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here in the moment , I 'm sitting in the audience , hopefully , in the beginning of people who think a lot of mess and a bit of a bit of chaos and a little bit of my thinking .
This allows us to start with a living body .
The phone , computers , video , CDs and other things are the tools that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a much greater community and more likely to move further than we 've ever seen before .
This process is just going on and become , I guess , self-minded , the way it 's a self-replication process .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of this curve .
Now I 'm designing computers to make money , and I know that my device is used to design computers can 't use if there 's no technology in the computer industry .
So now , what I do is that the design of the complexity is that it seems to be impossible to design them in traditional ways .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connectivity .
Instead , what I do is that the design of the design is doing at the U.N. Development , we think about the level of selection and put that into the machine and the machine that uses more efficient and more efficiently , we
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the methods we don 't even understand .
A particularly interesting method I 'm still using is a lot of radical evolution .
Or other words , " computers , you can take hundreds of millions of randomly randomized .
In other words , I 'm going to define what I want .
And let 's copying them with the same re-border re-border . "
Take two programs and they 'll create products by exchange their sub-tradition , and products are the mainstream of the two rules .
Maybe it 's going to give some changes .
So the end of the process , I 'll have a perfect program with the digital arrangement .
In fact , they 're a much more efficient program than I can write .
They are very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
It says , " This plane has a hundred thousand details of the same way to give you a safe flight . ' It 's not making you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the design design of the regular design .
Because all this technology is driving themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's clicking us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite like Peace Corps for the computer .
We 're selecting a couple of candidates every year , they 're going to work with the city .
And they 're going to write fantastic apples , working with the staff of staff .
How can it find the help of the situation in the situation , is this two ?
They 're there in February .
They noticed that cities never disclose the cleaning of the water .
But a member of the Errik-size , the pay attention to another thing , which is that people still have a natural disintegrating .
Every time you do it , you have to put it on , and he 's called the first place .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of the 21st-spage and the members of the last year .
But it did a job without a government .
A guy in the technology of Honolulu 's technology , who knows that he can use it , not for the snow , but to people decide to the tsunami .
These are really important , but there 's a whole person who steal from them .
Chicago 's software applications that allows people to put a cleaner cleaner in the sidewalk when the sun has snow .
Now there are nine cities now on the U.N. planning .
Last year , we had a team of three people working in a long-term project in Boston .
The project that the parents looked for the right place with their children .
Some people say to us , as usual , to build a software that will have to take a little less than two and spend two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California system that has spent the taxes for two billion dollars , but still not working .
That means that the uniforms , always open and reproduction new things .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more than the action of the action of the electronic technology .
They didn 't get out .
Now there are many people who lose their own governments .
Like many people , I think the government is just to go to vote .
After two years , I 've been able to get a particular conclusion with local government , about the dimentists .
He type " The Opermum " into the official data .
This is the result of the people who are at the city in Boston .
But what happened to Citizens Conniff .
Good sleep , the diment , the superstar , the diment of the world .
It 's pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is the approach that technology approaches life .
When this person helped this other , our community became more powerful .
If you call the center of the animal , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we used to spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sat back and hope that the government would reflect our values and satisfying our need , but
But that contemptive that we have seen what we have and pay for us to do it against us , and then we do it .
Some people think politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real work of the government .
That 's what OcupyStos did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to get what we need to do without regulatory power to all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their battle is not like we 're not going to be a person on the hour ; they all have to do it .
They used their hands .
Sure , we can treat the water for fire , and many people have done it .
But the applications like the reminder that we 're not just the consumers , and we 're not just the government 's government , contributing and to get back .
More than that , we are the citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we do a job of citizens .
I have a question for all of you here : When are important things that need to come to our own hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of hours , or we 're going to become a group of hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to the patient anymore .
One of the things we 're doing at the University of Radboud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that are all -- maybe not all -- but most of the medical projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It has a knot in the middle of the shortcut .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's best possible , because this is what the same thing that is the same pressure , the same force that has helped patients -- since it 's used to obese , it can also use to patients to get smoking
Working with easy techniques and start with them to create a sense of comfort for patients in the group .
Another thing is that we know all the gas stations .
But where are there the last AED , to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device not just a AED , but this is a A4-SUS .
Because , perhaps , this is a photographer that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's a little bit of a passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because use a camera , the process is planned .
These pictures like this : building a lot of the way across the crowd .
But it has a light-trosecut .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the landscape creates a hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I find that the combine pictures are also a process of that .
It 's actually just a really different kind of thing .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combination of images should have a whole context .
Second , combine these pictures should have a light .
And two pictures are both satisfying two conditions -- are taking a high degree and at the same kind of light .
So by the way that colorful colors , the contrast and the light in the boundaries between different images , addictions like the depth of the field , desalpo and the dust , we 're delete the lines between the different and
But this picture is completely created by these images from different parts .
I think that it 's easier to create contexts , to find context , because then you don 't have to be able to put the ideas in the head .
And this idea of all the time in the winter , I knew I had to take a few months to prepare , to find different places for the images of the images .
For example , the fish are caught in the journey .
There 's always a starting with a sketch , a idea .
All right here , and the only thing that is our limitations are the imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Grometer Grometer .
And just in a few years , the LEO 's LEO had had been at all .
LEO has taken the concrete block , the building blocks of the world , and make it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic-bound structure that will take us from the world of the tiles of the world to the world that everything interacted together .
It 's like a concrete bricks , transistors that allow you to build large circuits and more complex , each one .
My personal self is not accepting this , that the bricks have been the modern era for the experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleleB is the electronic structures with different functions .
You attach blue with green , you can make a lamp .
Instead of the flipping of the building , like this , and now you have a flash-bound light bulb .
So , you 're going to get this jaw , and now you 've created an automatic machine .
We 've put the kids to get these little kids and see them playing with the Pittances .
And that 's a great experience .
We also bring the Pittances to design school .
So for example , we have designers that are not really aware of what the electronics started playing with the Pittlegits as creative .
And here you 're going to see , with a hoodle , paper and bottle , the Lessie 's made ...
A few weeks ago we gave the Pittle to RISD and put them for a few designers with no engineering , with wood and paper -- and tell them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government came out with the data that had the right ideological ideas , they could have access to who was the subject of these " misconceptions . "
But today , at this moment in 2011 , if you bought a laser printer from any type of printers that were the age of print and if you were going to print a paper that would be the yellow dots that would have the yellow dots that were
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this kind of cybercriminals are very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the examples of the millionaires are coming from the world of people who get money from the cybercriminal .
Alfred Gonzzz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that this is the danger of the world that we become a victim of the crime in the real world .
And a real fact that these are more dangers are getting worse .
In the future , the majority of the laws that will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous , who were up in December , and became a very important force in this cybercriminal .
So we have three main attacks : the criminal justice of the money for the government of the hacker , like Anonymous , which is the end of our resistance and the government is the government of our public .
There are many cases like what happened at DigiNotar .
They had to submit the last year , because their network had been destroyed .
In the last week , in a meeting with the Nutch government , I had a question for a leader that he could see that if you had to be able to die for DigiNototar attacks .
DigiNotot is a company that provides a real service .
In fact , you need a real evidence , if you have a website using a de-trapsy-tage service , the kind of service that Gmmm is using .
All of us , or at least we 're using Gmail or another email app , and these services are common in the countries like Iran , where the researchers are used to use the services from the country , because they 're very clear ,
And create the evidence that you can take .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNotar .
In this material is a note from a company that has been in Germany to sell the government of Egypt , a lot of high-tech tools to hear a big scale of all the communication and the exchange of people .
This is the mainstream of the company .
But the Western government also did it in their own country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people discovered the Tiojan Scuju , which was a kind of the German government of the German government to investigate their people .
They heard your Internet .
They even use tools like Tojan Scuinst to infect your computer , and then they can get all information you to change , have all your conversation through your web , and you have your passwords .
So why do I worry ?
But this argument is not rational .
Privacy is not a debate .
This is a problem between liberty and control .
And can we believe , in a blind way of any future government , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
