When I was a little bit , I thought that the NorthTrill was the best country in the world and I used to sing " We don 't have to envy . "
I was very proud of my country .
In school , we spent a lot of time to learn about the president of Venus II , but they didn 't learn a lot about the outside world , except the United States , Korea and Japan was our enemies .
Even though I 've ever wondered how the world is out there , but I still think I 'm going to live all the life in NorthTrics , until everything suddenly changed .
When I was seven , I witnessed the landscape of the first time in my life , but I still think my life is completely normal .
My family is not poor , and I 've never been hungry .
But in a day of 1995 , my mother brought home a letter from a sister with her mother .
And there 's written : When you read these lines , the five-year-old family had no longer on this life , because they had nothing to eat in two weeks .
It 's all on the floor , and our body is mostly to feel like death .
I was shocked .
Because the first time I knew that my cell was suffering .
Not long after that , when I went through a station , I saw an awful scene that I could never forget .
On the station is the deadly of a two-pound man who 's holding a baby , and she 's just looking at her face .
But no one helped them , because they 're all concerned about themselves and family .
In the middle of the ' 90s , North Korea went through a severe poverty .
It 's more than a million North Korea died in hunger , and many people who survived to eat the lawn , the beetles and the beetles .
It 's going to happen more and more often , so everything around me is drowning into the dark night when it comes out of the light from the Chinese , just a river .
I always wondered why they had electricity , we didn 't .
This is a picture from North Korea to the night in the same time with the surroundings .
This is the Asian River , it 's the natural border between North Korea and China .
It can see that the river is very narrow , so some of the North Koreans are secret to China .
But a lot of people died .
And I saw them in the river .
I can 't talk about how I 've been hiding from North Korea , which is just able to say that in the last few months , because of the hunger that I 've been sent to China to live with a long person .
I 'm just thinking that I 'm going to have to go to a short time .
I can never imagine that I 'm going to have to get 14 years .
In China , her life was separated from the family as I was very difficult .
I didn 't imagine what happened to the life of a refugee from North Korea , which was going to be , but I soon realized that it wasn 't very difficult , but it was very dangerous , because the refugees from North Korea in China
I 'm always living in a fear that my identity is going to be discovered , and I 'm going to get back to the old life in North Korea .
One day , that nightmare was really true , I was caught the Chinese police and brought to the police to the police .
Someone told them that I was North Korea , so they tested my Chinese ability and asked me a lot of questions .
I was very afraid , and I felt like my heart was going to explode .
Because if they see something that 's not natural , I 'm going to get into prison and then get paid back to water .
I think my life is over , but I still try to control my emotions and answer their questions .
After the end , one of the two police said to the other person , this is a wrong case .
It 's not North Korea . "
And they released me . That 's a magic .
Some North Korea in China has come to the foreign mission to get refugee , but many of them have been arrested by China and being paid about water .
These girls are very lucky .
Because even though it was arrested , but eventually it was released by the international community .
But North Korea did not be lucky .
Every year , there 's a number of North Koreans who are arrested in China and being paid about water , where they 're tortured , or they 're stressed or being taken .
While I was very lucky , because I was released , a lot of my colleagues were not .
North Koreans have to hide their identity and struggle to exist as a tragedy .
Even when they 've learned the Chinese and found a job , their life can be completely reassured in a moment .
That 's why 10 years later , I decided that I was going to go to South Korea , to start a new life again .
It 's going to be more difficult than I imagine .
Because in South Korea , English is very important , so I started learning English , my third language .
I also realized that a huge gap between the South and North Korea .
We 're all North Korea , but we 've become very different from 67 years of cut .
I went through a crisis of mine .
I am South Korea or North Korea ?
Where did I come from ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , I didn 't have a country to be proud of the country .
Although I 'd like to adapt to life in South Korea , it 's not easy , but I set up a plan .
And started learning to prepare for college .
However , even though I 've just been used to life here , I 've got a terrible news .
And North Korea had discovered the number of money that I sent back to my family , and , to punish , they 'd be going to get my family to move back to a rural area .
And so they can quickly get out of that , I started to plan my family .
North Korea had to go through the distance that didn 't seem to come to freedom .
Because it 's because the border from North to South Korea is almost impossible , so I have to fly to China and go back to the border of North Korea .
Because my family didn 't know the Chinese , so I had to go along with 2,000 miles in China and went to Southeast Asia .
The journey of the bus is about a week , and a few times we 're almost .
Once , our car was blocked and discovered by a Chinese police .
He 's going to see the letter of all people , and he started asking .
Because my family didn 't understand Chinese , so I thought they would be arrested .
When the Chinese police came close to them , I immediately stood up and told him that these are deaf people that I 've got to go .
He looked at me , but he was very lucky , he believed me .
And we went on to the border , and I had to use almost almost all the money that we had to bribe for the border of the Livil .
However , after we 've gone through the border , my family was arrested in prison for the cross-trand .
After I applied to punishment and bribes , my family was released in a month , and then I was caught again in the capital of Lake .
It was the best time in my life .
I 've done all sorts of ways to get my family to come to free , and we 're almost succeeded , but they 've been arrested while we 're just in the Korean of South Korea .
I 'm going to go back to the middle of the scene and the police station , and I 'm going to find a way to get my family out of that , but I don 't have enough money to bribe or pay money .
I was completely despair .
Right now , there 's a man who asked me , " What is it ? "
I 'm very surprised when I 'm totally strictly interested in my mind .
By the time you 've got a little bit of English and a dictionary , I told him that my family 's shoes . Not a little bit of time , the man went to ATM , pay all the money for my family and two
I thank you with my heart , and I said , " Why do you help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " He said .
" I 'm helping North Korea . "
I realized that it was a huge moment in my life .
Compared from the strange men who became a new hope for me and all the North Koreans when we 're really needed it , and he showed me the good from strangers and the support of the international community is the hope that the North Korea we
Finally , after a long journey and my family was reunited in South Korea , but to the new freedom is just half of the struggle .
A lot of North Koreans are being cut with their family , and when they come to another country , they have to start with very few or less money .
So we can get the help from the international community for education , training English , and many other areas .
We can also play a role as the bridge between the people in North Korea with the outside world , because there 's a lot of people in our family , and we 've shared them with information and money to change North Korea .
I was very lucky to get a lot of help and inspiration for my life , so I wanted to be able to bring to my country a chance to develop together with international support .
I believe that you 're going to see more and more North Korea , in the world , including TED stage .
Thank you .
I 've just had a request .
Don 't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I want to introduce you to my brother .
It 's 22 years old , and it 's very beautiful .
I 'm not saying , but I 'm communicating joy in the way that even some of the best leaders can 't do it .
Remi knows what love is .
I 'm sharing it in a way that doesn 't matter how much it is .
She 's not greed . I 'm not colorful .
I don 't care about religion , and let 's understand that I 've never been lying .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to remember the words that I couldn 't , she reminds me of one thing : we know how little brains are , and what we don 't know .
Samuel 16-year-old . You 're very nice .
You have a perfect memory .
But it 's also selective .
You don 't remember whether you 've got a candy-powered chocolate , but I remember the year of every song on my iPod , the talk between us from four-year-old , my hands on Teletubb
These things sound great ?
But most people don 't agree .
And in fact , because my mind is not fit in the normal version of the normal society , they 're often given and misunderstanding .
But what makes my heart more reliable and my mind is that , although this is true , even though they 're not considered normal , this can only mean that they are extraordinary -- people who are extraordinary .
For you 're not very familiar with the word " autism , " it 's a brain disorder that affects the ability of social communication , learning and sometimes the physical instincts .
The symptom in each individual individual , which is why Rembi is very different from Sam .
And in the world , over 20 minutes , there 's more people who are diagnosed with autism , and even though it 's one of the fastest-lived disorders in the world , we don 't know the cause or treatment .
And I couldn 't remember the first time I approached autism , but I couldn 't remember a day without it .
I was three years old when I was born and I was very excited that there was a new person in my life .
And after a few months , I realized that I was different .
I scream a lot .
I don 't want to play like other kids , and in fact , I don 't seem to be interested in me or anything else .
It 's going to be living in their own world , with their own rule , and I see the joy in the smallest things , like the cars around the room and staring at the laundry and eat anything in your hand .
When I grew up , I became more different , and the difference became better .
But out of the anger and frustrating and curiously , is something that 's really unique : a pure instinct and naive , a little boy who looks at a little bit of prejudice , a person who never lies .
Africa often .
Well , I can 't deny that there 's some tough moments in my family , the moments that I wished to be like myself .
But I put my memory back to what I 've taught me about how , the communication and love and I realize that these are things that I 'm not going to change for normal .
It 's normal to miss the beauty that the difference for us and what we 're different is that we don 't mean one of us .
It means there 's a different kind of thing .
And if I can only get one thing for Remi and for Sam and for you , that 's you don 't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because there 's autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! Everyone 's in a gift , and it 's true to say , pursue the most likely to be the greatest potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and for the change that we 're going to try to be like a different person .
Please -- don 't say I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Maybe you all agree with me is a beautiful path .
It 's built out of plastic , and it 's a kind of material that 's running on it , but it 's very , very , very , very , very often not in these days as it 's raining .
And then you can get water on the road .
And especially if you 're a bicycle , and you go through these cars , it 's not good .
In addition , plastics make lots of noise .
It 's a noise material , if we do the streets of the Netherlands , very close to urban cities , we want a quiet path .
The solution for the problem is to make the streets of plastic .
Traditional is the material that we 're using to build most countries in the Netherlands , it 's water and water through the hole , so all the rains will get out , and you 're going to have a vehicle
And noise also disappeared through the hole .
Because it 's empty , all noise will disappear , so it 's very quiet .
Of course , there 's still a lot of time , and that 's the vehicle of this kind of crawling , the bubble can happen .
What 's the cracks ? You see it on the road , the gorgeous .
First of all you get a rock , and then more and more , more , more , more and more , and then they -- -- there 's no way .
But they can make your cars , so you 're not happy with that .
And after the same , this cracked bubble will cause more .
Sometimes they make chicken .
Oh . He 's ready .
The chicken , of course , can be a problem , but we have solutions .
It 's really like you see here this material that 's going to be bad .
It 's plastic , as I said , you 've got a small amount of glue between the rocks .
Under the impact of the weather , the solar radiation , this plastic condition , this plastic , this piece of plastic , the gum is going to stick , and if it contracts , it 's going to have these little cracks , and then
And if you drive up there , you 're going to destroy these blocks -- as we 've seen here .
In order to solve this problem , we 've created materials .
If we created this self-assembly materials , we can find solutions .
What we can do is we use a flock of steel with steel , and we cut it out of the flock of steel , and we put it into a little bit of steel , and we mix these little pieces with the plastic .
So we have plastic mixed with very small steel .
And then you need a machine , as you can see here , is the machine used to cook -- a machine that 's from .
It 's the effect that can make heat , especially steel is very good .
So what you do is you 're hot steel , you 're doing a little plastic , and the plastic is going to flow into these little cracks , and the rocks will stick up on the back .
Today I 'm using a microwave , because I can 't take a sensor from a bulkyo .
It 's also the same thing .
I 'd put a prototype in the oven , now I 'll take it out , to check it out .
This is the prototype .
I said we invented a industrial machine as in the lab , to heat the samples .
In the lab we 've tried many samples , and then the government , they actually saw the results , and they said , " Well , that 's great . We have to try to see . "
And then they gave us a national road , the 400 meters of the A58 , here we had to build this new materials .
So that 's what we 've done here . You see the path that we 've done , and then , of course , this path is going to exist in many years without any damage . That 's what we 've learned from the
We 've taken lots of samples from this path and we try them in the lab .
So we 're aging , we put a lot of weight on it , stick them back with the sensor , and then we try them again .
We can do it again .
And in fact , the conclusion comes from this research is that if we protect the four-year-old road , one-year-olds -- this is the size of the size that we 've made it to protect the real way -- if four
Well , in order to put together , I can tell you that we 've created a kind of steel materials using steel , add steel , using the heat of the time , to actually help increase the lifespan of the road , that 's the
Now you 're wondering whether it works .
We 're here . It 's pretty warm .
It 's going to make it cool , and I showed you the effect of the solution .
But let me try .
Look . Well , it 's stick .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk about a confusing question that the answer is not very bad .
The topic is the secret of family violence , and the question I 'm asking is the question that people are always wondering : Why did she stay ?
Why should the women come back to them ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social worker or a family expert .
I 'm just a woman who wants to share my story .
And then I was 22 years old , and I was at Harvard University .
I moved to New York City when I did the first job of writing and editor for the Seventen magazine .
The first time I had my apartment , my American Express , and I had a big secret .
The secret is , this gun is being used to be a bullet that 's just stressed in my head , because the man I 've thought you 're born , from this time .
My man was more love than everyone was guns in the head and threatened to kill me when I didn 't remember it .
I 'm here to tell you about crazy love , a trapical trapage in the love of the love of millions of women and even a couple of men in every year .
This can be your story .
I don 't look like a family 's family .
I 've got a U.K. from Harvard University , and I 've got the marketing business from the Wharon .
I 've spent my career working on the top of the U.S. C & amp ; Johnson , Leo Bennett and Washington .
I married with the second husband has almost 20 years and had three children .
My dog is like the Black Lab , and I drive the Honda Odyssey .
So the first thing I 'd like to talk to you is the family violence that happens to everyone , every religion , every level of income and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I want to say is that people think that violence is happening to women , which is the problem of women .
No .
More than 85 percent of the violence is men , and the violence of the family is just in the essential relationship , the long-term , long-term , in the end of the family , where we want to look or see that violence is a
I said to myself , I was the other person on Earth who lived with men , but actually , I was a great victim of my age .
I 'm only 22 years old , living in the United States , women from 16 to 24-year-old , three times more likely to become the victim of family violence compared to women in other age , and over 500 women and girls in this
I 've used to be a typical victim because I don 't know about the family violence , the warning signals or its model .
I met the Conference for a month , rain and cold .
He sat next to me in the New York City , and he was talking to me .
He told me about two things .
One is he , like me , I 've just graduated from Ivy League , and he 's working on a very impressive bank in Wall Street .
But the most impressive thing to me at the first meeting is he 's smart and he looks like a farmer .
He 's got these big , big cheek cheek , and he 's like the yellow field , and he seems sweet .
One of the smartest things that I 've done , from the beginning , is to create an illusion that I 'm a promising relationship .
He 's done this at the beginning of me .
We started dating , and he loved me all the time that I was smart , that I chose to Harvard , that I 'm passionate about helping girls and work .
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , hope and dreams .
I believe , as a writer and a woman in a way that nobody has ever had .
And he also created the miracle of the trust between us by looking at his secret , that he 's as a child from four-year-old , and he 's been abused by his own , and he 's going to be
That explains why Ivy Legage and the work in Wall Street and his light future , how big it is .
If you talk to me that men are smart , fun , sensitive , people who love me a day when I 've got a page or not , my dress is short , where I live , where I 'm going to work , who 's
I didn 't know that the first stage in any family 's violence is tempting and sexy .
I don 't know that the second phase is the victim .
Now , I don 't go home to a day and announced that , " Hey , you know , all of this Romeo and I 'm going to be able to go to the next stage where I 'm going to go and go
Instead , I 've been home in a Friday night and he told me that he 's going to take his dream today , and he says , he says , he 's left for me , because I made him feel safe and love that he
Now , the last thing I 'd like to do is leave the New York and my dream , but I thought you had to sacrifice my life , so I agree and break , I 'm going to leave you with Manhattan .
I don 't think I 've been working on a crazy love , that I 'm walking the first step into the psychological trap , the money and I 've got to be careful .
The next step in this violence is to bring into violence and see how she reacts .
From here , the guns come in .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where I 'm going to feel safe -- he bought three guns .
He kept a tree in the container of our car .
It 's one under the bedside of our bed , and he 's always in the middle .
And he said he needed these guns because the damage he had experienced in the past as a child .
He needed them to feel protected .
But these guns are actually a message for me , and even though he haven 't taken my arm , but my life is in danger every day .
Theor was attacking me five days before our wedding .
That 's at seven o 'clock in the morning when I 'm wearing sleep .
I 'm blue on the roof , I 'm trying to get a piece of paper , and I 'm depressed , I 'm using my anger , like the way to get two arms around my neck around my neck , and I
Five days later , tens of bruises on my neck , and I put my mother 's wedding dress , and married with him .
And for the things that happened , I 'm sure we 're going to be happy because I love him and he also love me a lot .
And he 's very sorry .
He was really stressed out of the wedding and his family .
It 's an individual , and he 'll never hurt me .
It happened two times in the moon .
For the first time , I 'm driving the car to find a secret , and I 'm lost , and he 's going to hit the first side of my head , and I 'm very strong that I 'm going to hit my
A few days later , when he 's driving home after the moon , he 's tired of the cars , and he throws all the way back to the Big Mac .
I was going to hit two times a week for two months later and half years from married .
I was wrong to think that I was the only case and I was alone in this .
One third of the U.S. women went through their family violence , or some of the periods of their life and the CDC shows that 15 million children are abused every year , 15 million .
So I was really in a very good company .
Back to my question : Why am I here ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know he 's violence .
Even he had a gun in my head , pushed me down to the floor , threatening my dog , the key to the car , I was driving the car at the highway , and when I was in my head when I was wearing the interview
Instead , I 'm a powerful woman in love with a man who has a problem , and I 'm the only person on Earth can help the face of his evil .
The other question that people ask , why don 't you leave ?
Why don 't I go ? I can leave any time .
For me , that 's the sad question and the most painful , because we , the victims of certain things that you don 't know : it 's a terrible danger to leave a violence like that .
Because the final step in the family was killing her .
More than 70 percent of the family violence happened after the end of the relationship , after she left , because then the violence was nothing left .
But the other consequence is that long-term tracks , even after the abuse of the marriages ; it 's from the financial resources ; and the movement of the entire family system to do the fear of the victims and her children ,
And we keep asking , why don 't you leave ?
I was able to get away , because of the end of the violent crimes had been broken from my left .
I realized that the man was loved to kill me if I left him .
So I broke the silence .
I tell people : the police , the neighbors , my friends and my family , who are completely strange , and I 'm here today because you 're helping me .
We have the stereotype of the victim as our fears , the women who destroy themselves , the good things that hurt .
The question , " Why are you in ? "
It 's the reason for some people , " It 's her faulty when it 's " as the victim of the person who chose to make his sense to destroy us .
But since the word " Crazy Love " I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who have left , who have learned a life worthless life , but what happened , and who builds life -- happiness -- happy -- like
Because the truth is that I 'm a typical victim of the family 's violence that ended me was the classic survivor of violence .
I got married with a man and a very good man , and we had three children .
I have the Black Lab and I have a Minivan .
What I 've never been half , forever is a gun in my head because somebody said he loved me .
Right now , maybe you 're thinking , " Oh , this is great , " Oh , she 's stupid , " but all this time , I 've been talking about you .
I 'm sure that you 're listening to me now is that people are being abused or people who have been abused when they 're small or abused people .
It 's the contrary to your daughter , your daughter , your best friend right now .
I can end my crazy story by discovering silence .
I 'm going to break the silence today .
This is how I help other victims , and this is my final request .
Let 's talk about what you 've heard here .
It 's not a fear of silence .
You have power to end up with a simple family force in a light .
We need victims of people .
We need you to understand the secrets of family violence .
Now , I 'm looking at the light of this morning by talking about it with your children , your colleagues , your friends and your family .
It 's the rest of their life , but the happiness , it 's worthy of the future .
Learning the early signals of violence and the lies of the conscience , reduce it down , just for the victim .
Together we can make our beds and our family and our family will become peace and safe .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are about 10,000 birds in the world .
The vagina is one of the most important birds .
When you see a lumpy thing like this , the first thing that happens in your head is , these are really disgusting creatures , ugly , eat and just close to meat , you 're going to go to the politicians .
I want to change that perception . I want to change the feelings that you spend for these birds , because they need to be our compassion . They really need .
I 'll tell you why .
First of all , why are they impressed ?
When Charles Darwin crossed the Pacific in 1832 from the Beagle , he saw the Turkey Services , he said , " These birds are disgusting with the head of the red , which is created in a r
You can 't get worse , and that 's from Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed the idea when he came back , let me tell you why .
They 've also been connected to Disney -- by the way to become a stupid , stupid , stupid , stupid .
Recently , if you 're watching the news in Kenya -- this is the specific attributes that connect with the Keyna . But I want to resist that .
I want to fight back because you know what ?
Because the landscape doesn 't keep the environment in clean .
The scene doesn 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're almost impossible to do a wife .
They 're still extinct .
And , what I like to do is that , the kettes are more .
There are two different kinds of votes on this planet .
These kinds of New Yorkers are found in the U.S. , like the children and the carcolas , which is where there 's the World Trade Center , where there are 16 species . In this 16 species , there are
So , why is it important ? First of all , they provide essential services . They clean up .
They 're actually the natural waste .
They clean up deadly .
They help kill the bacteria . They help absorb the coal that has been able to spread and make huge losses for the cattle and feed the other animals .
The most recent studies have shown in the areas that don 't have a dead-polum that 's going to be about three to four times to break down , and the big consequences from this is the spread of disease .
The vagina also has a great history of their importance .
They 've been connected with ancient culture .
Nkhbet is the symbol of the protective and the mother , and with the tiger , they 're symbolic for the best of the M & amp ; Might is the rise of Egypt .
In the Hindu , Jatayu is a vicious via , and he 's risked life to save women from the Ravana .
In the culture of Tibet , they 're doing very important . In places like Tibet , there 's no place for dead people , or there 's no woods to burn them , so they 're going to provide a
So what 's the vagina ?
We 've got eight kines that show up in Kenya , and there are six species that are threatened with high risk .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , they 're headed because there 's the winners between the people and the wild world . The communities that are using these toxins to get into the predators , but instead , these
In South Asia , the countries like India and Pakistan , four of the heterosexuals are listed in the list of these very high risky , which means that they 're less than 10 or 15 years to touch the extinction and
It 's been banned in the medical industry in India .
Because there 's no pavilion , there 's no spread of the number of wild dogs in the areas where you 've got dogs , you 've got a huge bomb on the wilderness . The number has a lot of
Kenya is going to have the largest wind in Africa with 353 engines that will be installed in Lake Turkana .
I don 't reflect the wind energy , but we need to collaborate with government , because the wind engine makes these birds . They cut .
They 're the tiles of birds .
In West Africa , there 's a terrible trajectory that 's really terrible in order to serve the magic market and the spell .
So what did we do ? We 're doing research on these birds . We 're putting the signals into them .
We 're trying to figure out their basic biology , and in the place where they come .
We can see them moving to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on problems in the area , it won 't help you .
We need to work with the government level of the region .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about how you 're going to be able to get the content that we need to embrace these great creatures and the benefits that they bring .
How do you do that ? You can become a dynamic person , create a voice . You can write for your government and tell them that we need to focus on these things that are misunderstanding . It 's a little bit of message .
When you step out of this room , you 're going to get information about the patches , but let 's talk to your family , your neighbor , your neighbors .
They 're very graceful . Charles Darwin said he 'd changed the idea because he saw them flying as a little bit of power in the sky .
Kenya , this world is going to be poor , if there 's no great animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a morning I woke up when I heard my joy in my house .
My father was listening to the BBC on his little light .
He 's a very big smile , which is very unusual for the news that he 'd been sad .
He said , " The Taliban went ! "
I didn 't know , but I could see my father was very happy .
" Now you can actually go to school . "
One morning I can 't forget .
A real school .
You know , the Taliban come to invaded Afghanistan since I was six years old and stopped the girls .
In the next five years , I was eating as a son to go to my sister to a secret school because she was banned from my house .
That 's the only way we can go .
Every day , we 're going to go different ways to not have any doubt about our destiny .
We 're hiding the books in the market like that people will think we just go shopping .
That school in a house , more than 100 of us were in a small living room .
It 's pretty warm in winter , but the summer is hot .
We all know that we 're going to risk our own life , students and our parents .
There 's a couple of times , the suddenly closed school for a week for the Taliban .
We always wondered what we knew about us .
Can we be tracked ?
Do they know where we are ?
We were very afraid , but though , we wanted to go to school .
I 'm very lucky to be raised in a very important family and girls who are important .
My grandfather was a remarkable person at that time .
One was completely disgusted from a far away from Afghanistan , and he was hucked to his daughter , my mother got to school , and so he had his father from left .
But my mother had education to be a teacher .
She 's here .
She retired two years ago to use our house to open school for girls and women in their neighbors .
And this is my father was the first person in his family .
No doubt he 's going to get education , including his daughter , regardless of the Taliban , and despite the danger .
For him , you don 't learn a greater danger .
In the Taliban , I remember that there was some time I was angry about our lives and fear and not seen the future .
I 'd like to get out of school , but my father , he said , " Listen , you can lose everything on this life .
Your money can be lost . You can be forced to leave the house in the war .
But one thing that 's going to survive with children is something in here , and if we 're forced to sell the blood to pay for obesity , we 're going to do that .
So do you want to continue ?
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I 've grown up in a country that has been destroyed by decades .
Less than six percent of the women I was learned after high school , and if my family didn 't commit to my school , I became one of them .
But , I 'm proud to stand here as a graduate student at the Midboyle .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was left by his family because he dared his daughter to school , was one of the first people who celebrated me .
He didn 't show up my college , but I was the first woman , and I was the first woman who could carry him on the streets in Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed big , but my family would expect me to be bigger .
So I 'm a global mission for 1010 , this is global movement to education .
So I helped to make SOLA , the first school and the only thing for girls in Afghanistan , a country that 's still dangerous for girls to school .
I 'm very excited to see my students at the time to get this opportunity .
And I saw their parents and my father as my father , supporting them , and even if they 're seeing a lot of hard .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I can 't tell his face , but Ahmed is my father 's father .
Less than a month later , he and his daughter was on the way to SOLA from their village , and they were really shredded by a bomb in a few minutes .
When he was about home , the phone , he had a threat , he had a threat , if he continued his daughter to go to school , they would try again .
He said , " If you want to kill me , but I won 't destroy the future of my daughter 's future and the opposite of the people . "
Now I 've seen about Afghanistan , and this is something that 's been left in the West , which is behind most of us , we 're a value of their daughter 's value and people see their success as their own success .
This is not the mother who doesn 't matter in our success .
In fact , they 're the first person and they 're convinced to a future of their daughter , but in society like Afghanistan , we need to be support of men .
In the Taliban , girls come to school hundreds of people who remember , that 's illegal .
But today , more than three million women are in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks very different from the United States .
I see the American people see the weakness , it 's easy to break in changes .
I 'm afraid that all of these changes are not going to last longer after the American military .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , when I saw my students in my school and their parents support them , encouraging them , I saw a promising future and change will survive long .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , the ability to limit , and every day of SOLA reminds me about that .
Like , they have big dreams .
Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a phone also gives you personal freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can record the images of human rights in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can post a message on Tweet and start to participate in a government protest in Egypt .
And also with a phone you can record a song , post it up to SoundCo and become famous .
All of that is completely possible with your mobile phone .
I 'm a child of 1984 , and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , in this city .
You can see here how thousands of people are standing up and representing change .
That 's in 1989 , and imagine the people who stood up and showed that change had a mobile phone in the pocket .
Who in the audience have mobile phones ?
Please raise it up .
Please raise your phone up , raise your phone .
Let 's take it up . It 's a Android phone , the Blackberry , wow .
A lot . Today , most of us have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself and my phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There 's about 35830s .
The pure information .
But why is that information here ?
The reason is that the summer of 2006 , the European Commission , the European Union was proposing an official market .
It 's called the data market .
This is just showing each of the telecommunications in Europe , each of the Internet service providers on the entire Europe , which has to store a huge amount of information about people .
Who 's a call for who ? Who sent someone email ?
Who sent to the mobile message ?
And if you use mobile phones , this is where the problem exists .
All of this information has been stored at least in six months , until two years by the Internet you 're using or the Internet service .
And in Europe , the people stood up and said , " We don 't want that . "
They said , we don 't want this personal information .
We wanted to get the freedom of the digital age , and we didn 't want that the telecommunications and the Internet service provider all our information .
They 're lawyers , journalists and all of them , all say , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 10,000 people who participate in the streets of Berlin , and they 're going to say , " freedom , no fear . "
And some people say , it 's like Stas 2.0 .
Stasi is the police force in the Eastern Germany .
I used to ask myself , did it work ?
Can they record our entire information ?
Every time we use our mobile phone ?
So I asked my Internet to use , Deutsche Telom , the greatest service of Germany at the time , and I asked them , please , send me all my information that they 've stored .
I asked them to send me one time , and I went on to ask , but what I got was just a clear answer . Blah blah .
But then I said , I wanted to get these information , because they were stored my life .
And I decided to send the case to the building , because I wanted to get these information .
But Deutsche Telek said , no , we won 't give you this information .
And finally , I had a deal with them .
I 'm going to destroy this , and they 'll give me the information that I 'm asking .
Because at the time , the state of the state of the federal government has regulated that the market of the European Union is not working in the German system .
So I 've got this brown envelope with a CD in the inside .
And on the CD , what I need to get there .
358 of the information .
First I looked at it , and I said , okay . It 's a big data . Good .
But then I realized , this is my whole life .
This is my life in six months , which was recorded in this data .
Then I got a little bit , what should I do with it ?
Because I can see where I 've been there , where I sleep every night , what I did .
But then I said , I wanted to do this information .
I want it to be known by the public .
Because I want to show people how the data is really .
So for Zeit Online and Open Data City , I do the same thing .
These are images of life in six months have been recorded .
You can zoom in or you can get it back , and you can also go back or faster .
You can see my step .
You can even know me to Frankfurt in the train to Cologne , and the frequency I call the communication between those two places .
It 's all possible with these information .
I had a little fear .
But that information is not just about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First of all , it 's just like this , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk to each other three times .
And then some of you call me , they call each other .
Once you call you , and you call you , and you 're going to have this big communication network .
But you can see how we communicate , they call each other , when they go to sleep .
You can see all that .
You can see the most important parts , like leaders in a group .
If you have access to these information , you can see the activity of the community , society .
If you have access to these information , you can control the entire society .
This is a design map for countries like China or Iran .
This is a drawing of how to look at society , because you know how people talk to people , who have sent emails , all of that can you have access to these information .
And these information is stored in at least six months in Europe , until two years .
As I said when I started , imagine if all of these people on the city of Berlin was in 1989 , there was a mobile phone in my pocket .
And maybe Stasi would know who was involved in this protest , and if Stasi knew who was the leader behind it , then it would never happen .
The collapse of the Berlin can 't exist .
And if that , maybe the collapse of the ironic in the cold War , it 's not going to exist .
Because today , the function and the companies want to record the information that they 're getting better , the online and online .
They want to be able to track our lives , and therefore they want to record these information at all time .
It 's the freedom and living in the digital age of technology .
What you should do is fight for your own self today .
And you have to fight it for every day .
Then , when you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and that 's not obsolete .
When you go back home , let 's talk to your representatives that by companies and the function of the body can keep the specific information , although they don 't necessarily do it .
And if you don 't trust me , ask the Internet to provide information that they 've stored .
So , in the future , every time you use your phone , let 's remind you that you have to fight for the individual autonomy .
Thank you .
Photography is my passion since I grew up with a camera , but I 'd like to share with you 15 pictures that I appreciate , and I don 't take any of them .
There 's no artwork , there 's no models , no screens , not even interested in light .
In fact , most of them are taken by travelers .
The story started when I went to New York City to participate in a speech and my wife took a picture of my daughter 's first birthday . We stood at 57 and five .
We happened to go back to New York City a year later , so we decided to take a picture .
You can see where the story is going .
When I was going to go to my third birthday , my wife , my wife said , " Why don 't you take the Sablar to New York to make a travel tour of my father and daughter , and then go on , "
From that we started to travel through a photograph .
You know , your camera effect on a completely popular person in the entire world .
There 's no one rejection , and unfortunately , no one has left with our camera .
And then , we didn 't know how to change our lives .
It became sacred to us .
This was taken a few weeks after 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what was happening in the ways that a five-year-old child could understand .
These pictures are not just a representative object for a moment , or a special journey .
They 're how we 're going to stop in a week of October , thinking about our time and how we change every year , not just about physical , but about everything .
Because even though we took a picture , but our view changed , my daughter got a new point , and I was looking at her life through her eyes , how it looked at everything .
The time that we 're focused on this is something that we value and expect all the time .
Recently , in a journey , we 're walking around , and I 'm going to stop in the middle of the road , and it 's just going to go to the red line of the Bageye that it 's very
She described to me the feeling of five-year-old , when you stand at that position .
It 's saying that it 's going to remember my heart out of the cage when it 's looking at the first time that nine years ago .
And now what it 's seeing in New York is universities , because it decided to go to school in New York .
And I realized : one of the most important things we create is memory .
So I 'd like to share the idea of a movement in creating memory .
I don 't know what you are , but out of 15 pictures , I don 't show a lot of my family .
I 'm always a photograph .
So today I want to encourage people to have a face in the picture , and don 't have to go to somebody , and ask , " Do you take a picture for us ? "
Thank you .
I 'd never forget my grandmother 's told her -- she 'd been in my life , " Hey , let 's fight Gaddafi . Let 's fight him .
But don 't never turn into a form of Gadafi . "
It 's almost two years since I 've been working in Libya , and it 's been more powerful by the athletes on the top of Tunisia and Egypt .
I 've been involved in the forces and outside Libya to call the day of the anger and to start a start to fight against the Gaddafi .
And that 's a great revolution .
South young men are at the beginning of the frontier of the government , to raise the words of freedom , dignity , social justice .
They 've been very clear a mirror of compassion in the beginning of the world of Gadafi .
They 've shown that a glimpse of a co-bounding covers from the east to the west and stretched up to the south .
In the end , after six months of polio with the president of the death to 50,000 people that we 've managed to manage our country and turn it into the violence .
However , Gaddafi has left a heavy burden , a legacy of the authoritarian , corruption and the ties .
In the last four decades , the world of Gadafi has destroyed the infrastructure as the culture and the moral foundation of Libya .
The perception of the destruction and the challenges , I 'd like how many other women , the re-bearing civil society of Libya , to call the whole and the process of moving into democracy and national entertainment .
It 's almost 200 organizations built in Behazi during that time , and soon after Gadafi 's collapse -- almost 300 in Tippi .
After 33 years of forgive , I went back to Libya , with the most toxic passion , I started organizing the training classes , developing human skills .
Together a great group of women , I 've coated the Council of Libya Service for a woman 's movement , the leaders from all of the different parts of society , to act for social rights for women and to
I 've been in a very difficult situation for the election , a very , very positive environment , a environment that 's formed by the political view of the political and eliminating .
I 'm leading an idea of the Service Service Service for the U.S. to the lobby for a more votoric rule , the law that can bring to the citizens , whether they come out
And finally , we 've got to be accepted and successful .
Women won 17 and a half percent of the United States in the first election in 52 years .
However , a little bit of a little bit , the excitement from the election and the general revolution that 's gone -- when we woke up with the news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the neck of the neck and the grave of Sufi .
The other day we woke up with the news of the American mission and the attacks in the state .
On the other day we woke up with the idea of killing the army .
And every day , every day we woke up with the rule of the military forces and their communication of human rights with the prisoners , as the respect of their laws .
Our society , it 's a form of revolution , and it 's much more distinguished and far away from the ideal , the rules of freedom , dignity , social equality that we 're pursuing at the beginning .
It doesn 't matter , except , and reports become the symbol of the beginning .
I 'm not here to be inspired to you with the success story of creating the fiscal list and the elections .
And I 'm here to find that we 're -- the whole country has been wrong , decided wrong .
We didn 't prioritize citizens .
Because the election doesn 't bring peace , stability or security for Libya .
Does the fiscal list and the interconnect between the male candidates and women bring peace to the country ?
No , no .
So what did it help ?
Why is our society continue to be a polar society and dominated by the political politics of the treatment and eliminating , by both men and women ?
Maybe the lack of survival is not only about women 's rights , but also women 's values about compassion , tolerance , tolerance .
Our society needs a national conversation and the empathy of building is more than the election , which is just to increase the distribution and divide .
Our society needs the quality of the world is more than the numbers and the number of women .
We need to stop acting like the anger , stopping of the rage .
We need to start act like compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a conversation that 's not just the honor , but also to act of tolerance instead of the enemy , instead of competing , instead of the jaw .
These are the necessary ideas that a country has been destroyed as Libya as well as being able to get peace .
Because peace is like the needle , it needs to be the interconnection , the intersection between men and women .
That 's the real key .
And we need to establish the rest of life before we do politics -- society .
According to a poem in the Koran " Salam " -- peace -- " is the word of God 's God 's compassion . "
And then , from " Well , " which is known in the tradition of Abraham 's tradition , which is the same , " which is " -- " -- the female -- the expression of women -- the mother of the man and the women ,
And because it 's all the embryonic plates that are growing in it , the sacred matrix of nurturing life .
So we 're taught to say , " Our tolerance of all the things . "
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance won the anger . "
May each of us have a grace of tolerance .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I went through a little bit like Alice at the first time .
Penn State University asked me , a teacher teaches to teach a technical communication .
I was very afraid .
It 's really frightening . It 's really big students , big books and all the strange words .
But when the exchange came out , I had experienced what Alice was going to go through her cave and discovered the door to a new world .
It 's just what I feel when I 'm talking about students , I 've been amazed in their ideas , and I want other people to be able to experience this first place .
I believe that the key to the world is the ability to communicate .
We 're incredibly important to work with scientists and engineers to change the world .
The scientists and engineers are the people who are confronted with the biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health , and more , if we don 't know and don 't understand that , it 's not going to be done , and
But the brands can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't bring us into their own .
The scientists and engineers , eight things with us .
I 'd like to share some of the things that we 're going to make sure that we 're seeing the science of seduction , sexy engineering , hot , hot .
The first question is : What ?
Why science is related to us .
Don 't just say that you 're looking at the bone , but let 's say you 're looking at the bone , it 's like the ones that make our bones , so that we need to know how to understand the dil
When you describe science , be careful when you use language .
The way we 're trying to understand your ideas .
Absolutely to say , " Tatal and the deemor , " but why don 't use " Pace and heart . "
It 's easy to make sense that it 's not lower .
Instead , as you say , you know , you know , you know , it 's more simple , but you don 't simpler .
Clearly , you can talk about scientific problems that don 't distort ideas .
So care about giving examples , storytelling , which is the ways to engage and make us interested in what you say .
And when you show , don 't use the first bricks .
Have you ever wondered why they call them " the headline ?
When 's the bricks ? Growing is the eradication , killing it !
A slide like this , not boring , but it 's too much in the language of the brain region , that we 're stored .
Instead , this slide of Genevi Browne Brown actually understood more . It shows the particular structure of the bone that 's really inspired by the unique design of the pyramid .
And the trick here is using simple sentences and read the audience can be based on that if they don 't keep up , and then use the visual images to help us understand much more deeply .
I think this is just a couple of things that help us open the door and see the first of science and technology .
The engineers I worked with me , I had to know what was going to do . So I wanted to summarize with a equation .
Let 's take " science " unless you go , " and " the term " and " and " to share " accurate , " which is shared with the audience , and then with the passion , " which you 're going to do it ,
And so , the scientists and engineers , when you 're going to solve this process , by the price , let 's say eight things with me .
Thank you .
Hi . I 'm Cameron Russell , and in short time , I 'm a prototype .
In fact , in 10 years .
And I felt that there was a very uncomfortable pressure in this room , because I shouldn 't even wear this .
Fortunately , I had a different suit .
This is the first time that the people on the stage of TED , so I think you 're very lucky to see this .
If some women feel very scared when I came out , you don 't have to tell me right now , but then I 'm going to know Twitter .
I realize I 'm very lucky to change what you think about in 10 seconds .
No one has an opportunity to do this .
And these high-heel shoes are really uncomfortable , I don 't define them .
The worst part is this long-term shirt , because you 're laughing , so don 't do anything at my head .
All right .
Why do I do that ?
It 's really weird .
In fact , hopefully it 's not so much like this .
It 's very powerful , but it 's also a fake .
I 've just changed everything you think about me for six seconds .
And in this picture , I didn 't have any son in real life .
I felt very uncomfortable at the moment , and photography was told me that I was going to get my back and put his hair on his hair .
And of course , except the surgery , or the sunshine , which I have two days ago to take pictures , there are very few things that we can do to change our appearance , and it seems out of our appearance , even though
So today , with me , no fear of being true .
And I stood on this stage because I was a prototype .
I 'm standing on this stage because I 'm beautiful , a white woman , and in the model , we call it a charming girl .
And I 'm going to answer the questions that people are always asking me , but with truth .
The first question is , how do I become a model ?
And I always said , " Oh , I 'm discovered , but it doesn 't mean anything .
In fact , I became a model because I won the lottery , and I 'm a person who 's got to be able to have a property , and maybe you 're wondering what it is .
In the last decades , we 've defined beauty is not only healthy and young and the weight that we 've been programmed about biology to desire but also heights , the lines and women and white .
This is the legacy that 's built for me and that 's what I 'm making money on it .
I know there 's some of you who are skeptical , and maybe there are some beautiful models like , " Wait . Naoma . Joan Smalls . Li Wen . "
I 'd like to make a sense of what you do . It 's very impressive .
But unfortunately , I 've got to tell you about 2007 , a Ph.D. student in New York , which is all of the people on the floor , and in 677 people who are hired only 27 percent , less than four
The next question that people always ask me is , " Can you become a model when you grow ? "
And my first answer is , " You don 't know , you don 't have a job . "
But the next answer I really want to talk to these girls is , " Why ? "
You know ? You can become anyone .
You can become the U.S. president , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a poet who is a cardiovascular surgeon , will be great , because you 'll be the first person to do it . "
If , after an interesting list , you 're still saying , " No , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , " I 'll say , " Do your boss . "
Because you don 't have any power , you can be the editor of Vogue in the U.S. or the CEO of H & amp ; Me , or Steven Meis .
Tell me that you want to be a prototype when you grow up like you want to hit the ticket when you grow .
It 's out of their control , and it 's great , but it 's not a career path .
I 'm going to prove to you -- with 10 years of experience that I 'm accumulated when I 'm a model , because it 's not like the heart surgeon , so it 's just a short time .
If the photographer is here , it 's like a beautiful interface , and when the customer says , " Cameron , we want to take a picture , " So that 's what it 's going to go , and it 's
It 's like this .
Hopefully it 's less than a picture in the middle .
I don 't know what happens in that moment .
It 's unfortunately after you 're finished , you write a couple of things , you can 't say anything else , because if you want to be the president of the U.S. , but you 're going to go back to your
The next question that people always ask me , " Is it all the pictures are correct ? "
Right , it 's almost all the pictures that are edited , but it 's just a small element in what 's happening .
This is one of the first pictures that I 've ever taken , and the first time I took a shower , and then I didn 't even have a period .
I know that we 're going into a personal story , but I 'm a little girl .
This is my appearance , my grandmother 's next few months .
This is me in the same day when I took a picture .
My friend went to me .
This is me at a couple of days before I took a picture for Vogue .
This is me with a football team in V.
And this is me now .
I hope you see -- these images are not my image .
That 's the images that are built , and it 's built by a group of experts , the hairs , the restaurants , the photographer , and the creators and all their assistanters , the money , and the manufacturing , and they
The next question I 've been asked , " What are you for free ? "
I 've got a lot of high-centimeter shoes that I 've never been carrying , at the time , but the free stuff that I 've got is something that I have in real life , and that 's what we don '
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to the store , and I forgot the money and they gave me free for a shirt .
When I was a teenager , I was sitting in a friend of mine who was a very scary driver and she crossed the red light , and we 've been stopped , and all I 've done is saying , " Sorry , "
I have the free stuff that 's because of my appearance , not because I 'm people who are willing to spend a lot of money on their appearance , not because they are .
I live in New York , and last year , in 140,000 teenagers are arrested , and there 's 86 percent of the black and Latin , the majority of teenagers .
In New York , there 's only 177,000 black people and Latin , so for them , the question is , " Do I get caught ? "
It 's what I 'm going to be caught and when ? "
When I was preparing for this talk , I discovered that 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in America don 't like my body , and this number up to 78 percent when they were 17 .
The final question that people ask me is , " What is the feeling of being a model ? "
I think what they want to hear is , " If you thin a little bit , and your hair is more happy , you 're very happy . "
And when we were behind the chicken , we came up with the same answer .
" It 's great to travel , and work with creative people , inspired and passion . "
And that 's true , but it 's just half , because what we never talked about before the lens , which I never said before , " I 'm safe . "
I was safe because I had to think about my image every day .
And you 'd never ask yourself , " If your thighs and your hair is more happy , so you 'll be happier ? "
You just need to meet a group of people , because they have the best legs , the most beautiful hair and the most beautiful objects , and they can be the poorest women on this planet .
When I wrote this speech , I felt very hard to find the balance , because one hand , I felt very uncomfortable to say , " I got all these things because I was lucky , " and I felt really hard to follow the sentence , but it
But the key is that it 's really hard to break the world of gender and ethnic issues while I 'm one of the biggest benefits .
But I 'm also happy and honored to me , I think it 's lucky that I 've been in the last 10 , 20 or 30 years , and I 've been working with a lot of companies in my career , because I
If there 's something that goes back in this conversation , I hope it 's all that we 're all more comfortable with the power of the image of our success and our failures .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
We don 't touch each other , so there 's a lot of intelligence that 's never known , whether we share public spaces .
So for the last few years , I 'm trying to share a lot more with my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paper , paper and pollen .
And these projects come from the questions that I put , like , my neighbors have to pay for their apartment ?
How do we borrow and borrow more things that don 't type in the house at the time ?
How do we share more than our memories of the wild buildings , and we get better understanding our view ?
And how do we share more than our hope for the rest of the money , so our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in New Orleans .
The mind I 've always been pissed by the oaken trees , the balls of the people who are in love , the drunkers and the nightmares , and I believe in the city that always makes music .
I feel like every time someone 's sneak , New Orleans have a march .
The city has the most beautiful architecture in the world , but it 's also the largest number of value in the United States .
I live close to this house , and I think I can make it a better place for my neighborhood , and I think about something that can change my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost a friend of mine .
Her name was Joan , and she was a mother for me , and her death was a surprise and not .
And I thought about a lot of death , and this makes me feel deep for my time , and I 've got a clear thing to my life .
But I 'm fighting to keep this perspective in my everyday life .
I feel like it 's easy to capture the day , and forget about what really means to you .
So with the help of the old friends and new friends , I 'm moving on this wild building into a giant table , and it 's with a big deal with a story that 's done , " Before I die , I 'd like
I don 't know what it looks like from this trial , but in the next day , the wall has completely closed , and it 's continued to grow .
And I want to share some things about what people write on that wall .
" Before I die , I want to try to steal . "
" Before I die , I want to be in the middle of the International Day . "
" Before I die , I wanted to sing for millions of people . "
" Before I die , I wanted to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live outside . "
" Before I die , I 'd like to get her one again . "
" Before I die , I wanted to be somebody 's woos . "
" Before I die , I want to finish myself . "
So the space of this concrete has become a creative space , and the hope and the dreams of people that make me laughed , the tears , and they comfort me for my hard time .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone .
It 's about understanding people around us in new ways and light .
It 's about creating space for reflecting and experience , and remember what really means to us when we grow and change .
I made this project last year , and I started getting hundreds of letters from people who wanted to do a wall in their community , so the people who were in the center , and I did a tool , and now the walls were being done in the
Together , we 've shown that our public spaces have power to be able to get a chance to have a voice and share more with another person .
Two important things we have is time and relationships with others .
In the age of increase our distribution , this is more important than ever to find the way to keep the perspective and remember that life is short and soft .
The death is something that we often don 't have to be encouraged to say or even think about , but I 've been aware that death is one of the most powerful things you can do .
Think about your life .
Our spaces can be better than reflecting what happens to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fear and stories , people around us not only can help us do better places , they can help us lead us to
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I 've done math and this is a different problem for anyone who 's going to math , which is that we 're sort of like managers .
Nobody knows what we do .
So I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Well , dance is one of the activities that people do .
We love the dancers of Police , and we 're going to get you back here .
It 's a three-positive process of specialization and high engineering , and maybe the level of fitness with this one that has to do with genetic element .
It 's sad , mental disorders like Parkinson 's disease to destroy this particular ability , like what 's happening to me , I 've got a little bit of the time , who 's a three-born artist .
Over the last few years has a huge improvement in the treatment .
However , 6.3 million people on the global disease , and they have to live in a disgusting situation , shaking , tilt , and so many other symptoms come together with this disease . What we need is the tools for the
We need to measure progressively , and eventually , the only way we know when we actually have a treatment , when we have an accurate approach to answer .
But sadly , with Parkinson 's disease and other disorders , they don 't have a biological footprint , so there 's no simplistic method that you can do , and the best thing that we have is this neurological test .
You need to go to the hospital to do it . It 's very expensive , which means that this experience is outside of clinical trials , it 's never done .
But if the patient can do this at home ?
That 's really going to be free to go to the clinic , and if the patient can do it again , what ?
It 's not about the gold of the staff .
It 's just about 300 dollars , and it 's going to do this in the medical clinic .
So what I 'd like to propose to you is a traditional way that we can achieve this , because you see , at least in some direction , we 're all the teachers like Jan Stripling you .
Here we have a video of the stigma .
It 's healthy , and somebody 's talking about , and we can see ourselves like the three-packers , because we have to coordinate all the things that make the sound , and we all have the genes for that .
It 's like three pounds it needs to be trained .
I mean , I think it 's a long time for a child to say .
From the sound , we can actually track the wires when vibrating , when they 're affected by Parkinson 's , the sound agencies .
So in the lower graph , you can see an example of the vibration of the wires .
We see the same symptoms .
We 're seeing the shaking , the debilitating and tilt .
It 's more and more and more winds after a while , and that 's one of the symptoms of it .
These sounds can be really hard to find , in some cases , but with any digital media , and using the software analysis of the new machine , which is very innovative , we can determine what it is , in the middle of the health system , and
So how do these trials are based on this voice compared to a clinical trial ? Both are not involving each other .
The experience of neuroscience is not invading . They all use the infrastructure .
You don 't have to design a whole new hospital system to do this .
And both of them are accurate . But one thing , the experiment is based on the voice that doesn 't have the expertise .
That means it can be done .
It 's fast , only about 30 seconds .
The low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something gets cheap , it 's going to be popular .
So here 's some great goal that I think we can do now .
We can reduce the problem for patients .
It 's not going to go to the clinic .
We can do the observation with high frequency to get the data .
We can do the employment for the low cost to do clinical trials , which is based on the population of the first time .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first-lived students of the disease before it 's too late .
So in order to do the first step towards this , we 're making the process of using Parkinson 's .
With Aculab and PatentiLike , we 're aiming to record the voice with a very large number of data to collect data and start to process four goals .
We have local neighborhoods that can get access to three parts of a billion people on the planet .
Anyone who 's healthy or Parkinson 's disease can call the cheap price , and to record , a few cents per time , and I 'm really happy to tell you that we 've achieved six percent of the goal in eight hours
Thank you .
Tom Riely : So Max , by taking all the samples for 10,000 people , you can tell who 's healthy and who ?
What are you going to conclude from these models ?
Max Little : Yeah . Well , what 's going to happen is , when you 're going to call you a disease or not .
You see , some people can 't do that . Maybe they don 't call it .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of data that collects from all of these different cases , and the results that are in different cases is important because then we look at the problem , and we 're looking at the real estate
So at the exact same level is 86 percent ?
More than that .
In fact , my students in Thanasis , I had to compress him , because he did some amazing work , he proved that this could be done through the mobile phone , which allows this project to be done , and it 's
Nine nine . Yeah , a progress .
So what that means is that people will be able to -- people can call their mobile phone and do this test , and those who have Parkinson 's disease can call their voice , and then the doctors can test their development , look at their health
It 's accurate .
Thank you very much . Han 's Maxle .
Thank you very much , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is the South : the store of wine , the fast food , the wild .
So the city planes come together and they 're going to change the South China to make it different . So they 're going to change the South Langes , like that 's going to solve problems that are actually happening in the city
This is South Los Angeles .
The wine , the fast food , the wild .
It 's like 26 and a half million Americans , I live in a food desert , in the South Central L.A. , the house of the house , the house on the road and the car accident .
What 's interesting is that fast food on the road is killing more people than the accident and running .
In Southern L.A. , people are dying of diseases that can treat .
For example , the obesity rate in my area is five times more than Beverly Hills , where it 's about 16 kilometers .
I 'm boring to see this .
And I wondered , how do you feel when there 's no food for health , when every time you get out of the door , you have to see the bad effects that the food systems are making for where you live ?
I saw the wheelchair that was sold like the old car .
I see the blood centers growing up like Starbucks .
And I realized that it had to end .
I realize that the problem is solutions .
The food is the problem and food is the solution .
For me , I 'm also feeling tired of having to drive 45 minutes just to buy an apple that doesn 't seem to be a deep .
What I did was plant a food forest in front of the house .
It 's on a planet that we call a walk .
It 's more than three feet , 50 meters .
The problem is , that land is the city .
But you have to look at it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want , because that 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . "
And this is how I look at that land .
I 'm with my team , the blue pieces of L.A. , we 're together and we 're starting to grow the food forest : food , you know , nine of plants .
We 're a group that 's a team of sharing , including people who do gardens from many different lives , from all the places in the city , and they 're completely volunteered , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
Then there 's a complain .
The city came to me , and it was giving me a writer , asking me to break down the garden . That 's after this .
And I was like , " Come on , really ? "
It 's a kind of building because of trees on the ground that people don 't care about ? "
And I said , " Okay . Take it . "
Because this time is not .
And then the L.A. received the news , Steve Lopz wrote a paper about it , and the table with the community , and one of the members of the green pieces send a petition in Change.org , and with 9
We had a winner .
The Commission of that community is even calling and saying that they 're going to do it and what we 're doing .
I mean , why ?
L.A. led to the United States of the land that the city owns .
They own 42 kilometers away .
It 's equivalent to 20 times the central park .
It 's enough to grow 725 million tomatoes .
How can they not agree ?
Tow a tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
When there 's green , there 's a dollar that 's going to give you the equivalent of 75 dollars .
That 's my faith , when I tell people , let 's grow food for me .
The food for me is the same print .
I have a legacy in the South .
I grew up there . I raised my son there .
And I refused to make a part of what 's done , which is created for me by some other people , and I 'm creating myself .
I 'm an artist .
Walk is my art . I grew my work .
It 's like an artist , the car for the walls , I , I 'm the car for the lawns , the way .
I used the garden , the land as a cloth , and the trees and the trees , and the green tree is what I 'm going to put the cloth .
You 're going to be surprised with what the land can do if you turn them into the fabric .
You can 't imagine how wonderful the sun is and how they affect people .
So what happened ?
I witnessed my garden as an education tool , a tool for the transformation of my land .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the land .
We are land .
You 're surprised to see how kids are affected .
The garden is the best treatment and the challenge you can do , especially in the form .
And again , you 've got the strawberry .
I remember once , there was a mother and a daughter , and it was about 10 : 30 , and they were in my garden , and I went out and they were very embarrassed .
I thought , well , I felt very bad because they were there , and I told them , two people know , don 't need to do that .
This garden is on the road .
I feel embarrassed to see that there are people in my close to me , and it 's just a little bit more reinforcement for me to do this . People ask me , " Fin , you 're not afraid to steal your
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're on the road .
The whole idea is that .
I want them to take them , but at the same time , I want them to get their health . "
There 's another time when I 'm gardening in a homeless area in Los Angeles .
There are men , they help me get rid of the truck .
It 's very happy , and they share the stories about the garden that they affect them and they 've used to plant their mothers , with her before , and it 's great to see this idea has changed them , whether it 's just
So the green land has continued to grow about 20 garden .
We 've got about 50 people to go to school , and we 're all praying .
If the kids grow up , they 're going to eat it .
If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
But if you don 't show them , if they don 't see the effects of food to the brain and the body , they 're blind , they 're going to eat anything in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they 're being busy -- I see the colorful kids , and they 're just going to go in the road that 's ready .
With gardening , I saw a chance that we could guide their communities , and there was a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows ?
Maybe we 're going to produce George Washington Carver .
But if we don 't change the part of the land , we 'll never do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I want to do .
I want to grow a whole garden where people can share food .
I 'd like to take away from antennae and turn them into coffee .
Don 't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free , because free is not sustainable .
The interesting thing about sustainability is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about communication for people , and pull them out of the street , and give them a joy of joy , pride and honor to grow their food , open for farmers .
What I 'd like to do here , we 're going to make it really sex .
I 'd like all of us to become green-positive , the gardeners .
We 'll change the concept of gloves .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a glimpse .
How do you take your gloves , right ?
And let 's turn it into your weapons .
So basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet , don 't call me if you want to sit on the static chairs and join the meeting where you talk about doing this , where you talk about this
If you want to meet me , let 's go back to your shirt and we 'll grow something .
Hi . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in the Nairobi .
The back of me is my father 's cow , and behind the cow , is the Nairobi .
The United Nairobi has no fence in the area of the South , which means that wild animals like horses out of the park .
And so the animals eat meat like lions follow them , and this is what those lions do .
They kill our cattle .
This is one of the cows had been killed at night , and when I woke up in the morning , I found it dead , and I felt very sad , because that was the only male that we had .
My community , Maasai , believes that we come from the road with all of our animals and all the land to keep them , that 's why we 're very important .
So I grew up with lions .
The Masters who protect our community and cattle , are very concerned about this .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is the reason that lions in the Nairobi is very little .
Every son from six to nine years old , in my community , was responsible for my father , and I had to do the same thing .
So I have to figure out how to solve this problem .
The first idea that I had was used to use fire , because I think the fear of fire .
But then I realized that fire didn 't really work , because it was even helping to see the cow .
But I didn 't get out . I kept thinking .
And my second idea is to use it .
I tried to trick those lions [ in ] thinking , I was standing near the cow .
But lions are smart .
They go to the first day and see the compensation , and then they go back , but the second day , they come and say it 's not moving , it 's always there .
And then he jumped in and killed the cattle .
So in a night , I held a tilching tree around the cow , and on that day , these lions don 't go .
I discovered that lions are moving .
So I had an idea .
And since I was a little , I used to work in my room every day , and I even opened my new radio , she was almost killed me , but I learned a lot about electricity .
So I took a battery of a battery that was an old carpage box . It 's a little device that 's found in the car , and it 's a little device that 's going to drive the car , and it '
And I 've got a switch to switch off and open the lights .
And that 's a little lightbulb from the battery .
And I install everything .
As you can see , the solar cell is used for battery , and the battery is the energy supply for the clock . I call it a transformation .
And the clock does a little bit of a light bulb .
As you can see , the light bulbs are outside , because it 's the lions .
And that 's how the light reflects about lions when they go to night .
The lightbulbs turned off and fooled them to think that I 'm walking around the cow , but actually I 'm sleep on my bed .
Thank you .
I installed it in my house two years ago , since then , we didn 't have any problem with lions .
The neighbors have heard about this idea .
One of them is this lady .
She had a lot of cattle who had been killed , and she asked me if I could help her to build the electricity .
I said , " Yeah . "
So I installed the light bulbs . You can see here behind , they are lions .
So far , I 've been working for seven families in my community , and they 're working .
Now my idea has been used all over Kenya to get rid of other animals like the hyena , and it 's also used to kill the farm of the farmers .
And by this invention , I 've been lucky to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , the National Brooklyn , and I 'm really excited about this .
My new school is beginning to help and raise awareness .
I even led my friends in my community , and we put a light bulb for the families that don 't have access to it and I teach them how to build them .
One year ago , I was just a little boy in the cowboy , and I 'd seen the plane , and I said to myself that one day , I 'll be sitting inside it .
And I 'm here today .
I 've got a chance to come here with the first plane to get to TED .
My biggest dream is to become an airplane and a pilot when I grew up .
I used to hate lions , but now because my invention is saving the cow of the father and lions , we can live with lions without any conflict .
Ashol . In my language , it means thank you very much .
I don 't know that it 's really interesting to hear my story .
So you have this scholarship . Yeah .
I 'm doing other inventions .
What 's next in your list ?
Development of her , you want to make a fence of power . What 's the barrier ?
You know , the power has been invented , but you want to make your own own .
You 've tried , right , and you ... I 've tried it before , but you 've stopped because of the shock .
Richard Turk , I was different .
We 're going to be able to do it on the road , you 're small .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do , and what I do about -- my life -- that 's what it 's made in seven years of work in Africa when I was young .
From 1971 to 1977 -- I didn 't look -- I 'd been working in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria , Somalia , in the technical projects with African countries .
I worked for the NGOs of Italy , and each project we created in Africa .
I 've been very grilled .
It 's 21 years old , I think , people are good , and we 're working in Africa .
But instead , we killed everything we hit .
The first project , what was inspired for my first book , " The light waves from Zambzi , " which was a project in which people decided to teach the Zambia .
So we 're south Zambia with the seeds from the water in Italy in a beautiful valley , and we 're taught to the people who grow the tomato sauce and Italy .
Of course , the people who are not interested in doing this work , so we pay them for them , and sometimes they come to work .
We 're really surprised about the geographics , in the ghost Valley like this .
But instead of asking them not to grow anything , we simply say , " Thank you God . "
" It 's time to save the Zambia . "
And of course , everything in Africa is good .
We have great tomatoes . In Italy , a big tomato sauce . In Zambia , it 's big to this size .
It 's hard to believe , and we 're talking to the Zambia , " You know , it 's going to look at it . "
When the tomatoes started to achieve , nine , and there 's a red , only about 200 of them in the middle of the river and clean it up .
We said to the Zambia , " Oh my God , the hippers ! "
And people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow anything . "
" Why don 't people tell us before ? " " Have you ever asked . "
I think there 's only one person who 's not stupid in Africa , but then when I look at what Americans are doing , people who are doing , the French people who are doing , and after seeing what they do , I feel a little
Because , you see that , we 're also eating a couple of codes .
You should look at the crap -- you should look at the crap that we 've given to the African people who don 't have an unexpected question .
You want to read a book , read " The Academy , " written by Damisa Moyo , an economist Zambia .
The book was discovered in 2009 .
We , the Western nations have brought to Africa , two billion American countries in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you the damage that the money has made .
Let 's read her book .
Reading it from an African woman , the damage that we 've made .
The Westerners like us are people who are the nationalism , and we only have two ways to treat other people : or save , or save .
Two words have the origin of Latin , " which means " father . "
They make two different meaning .
Protection , I 'm treating anyone from another culture as if they are my children . " I love them . "
Consider , I deal with all of the people from the other culture as I am .
That 's why white people in Africa are called "wana , " he .
I 'm just in the face of reading the book , " The beautiful but beautiful , " written by Schumacher , saying , on all , in economic growth , if others don 't need to help , let them .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the person who 's going to put a staff on the floor , and said , " Could we be -- the idea of a city that 's not a new democracy ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to respond to people , and I created a system called Encyclopedia Facre , where you 're not going to start anything you 're never going to motivate , but become a
So what do you do -- it 's the mouth .
Don 't bring a community with ideas , you 're sitting with local people .
We didn 't work from office .
We 're meeting in coffee . We 're in the coffee .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we 're doing is we 're going to be friends , and figure out what people want to do .
The most important thing is hope .
You can give someone an idea .
If you don 't want to do that , what do you do ?
The desire of women have the growth of the most important thing .
The men 's desire for the development of the individual is the most important thing .
And we helped them to find the understanding , because nobody in the world can be successful .
There 's no idea that there 's no idea , but the understanding is always useful .
So a lot of years ago , I had this idea : Why don 't we , just once , instead , to a community , and tell people what they should do , why don 't we listen to them , but not only one of the
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem in public meetings .
Companies never come to the project , and they don 't tell you , in the community meetings , what they want to do with their money , the opportunity they find out .
So there 's a blind spot .
The most wise people in the community don 't know because they don 't come to the public meetings .
What we 're doing is working on one-to-one , and to do that , you have to create a society that doesn 't exist .
You have to create a new industry .
A new expert like a family doctor for the business , the family 's family , who 's sitting with you in your home , in the kitchen , in the kitchen , and help you figure out the resources to make your desire to make life .
I started as an experiment in Eperance , Australia .
I 'm going to go to the philosophical Ph.D. at the time , trying to avoid the way that the crap is to come and tell you what to do .
So what I 've done in the first year in Eperance is just on the road , and in three days , I have the first customer for a piece of smoke in the car , named Mao , and I help him sell
And I helped these people who know how to work together and sell these perfect tuna , not for the box in Albane with the 60s , but we find how to sell them to Japan for 15 dollars a sign , and then the farmers
In a year , I had 27 projects and the government to find me , " How do you do that ?
How do you do -- " And I said , " I did a very hard job .
I 'm quiet , and I listen to them . "
So -- so the government says to me , " Let 's do it . "
We did that in 300 communities around the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 jobs .
There 's a new business generation of people who are exhausting for her .
Peter Ducker , one of the greatest mentors in history , died when 96 , a few years ago .
Peter Ducker is a philosophical professor before working on business , and this is what Peter Ducker says : " Heart is not the same as a society and a business economy . "
It 's going to be a death kiss to the entrepreneurs .
So now you 're reconstructing Christchurch without knowing that the most people in Christchurch wanted to do with their money .
You have to learn how to make these people come to talk to you .
You 've got to give them security , privacy , you have to be really excited to help them , and they 're going to go , in the crowds of them .
With a community of 10,000 people , we can have about 200 customers .
It 's possible to imagine a 400,000 community , smart and hope ?
What 's the story you 're clapping in this morning ?
The local , the people who are hungry . That 's the people who have clapping .
So what I 'm talking about is that business is where it works .
We 're at the final stage of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel sources of data , and the conflict , we have no sustainable systems .
The engine is not sustainable .
It 's Fredon to store things that are not sustainable .
What we have to look at is that we 're doing to nurture , treatment , education , move and communication for seven billion people in sustainability .
There 's no technology .
What 's going to make a technology for the green revolution ? The universities ?
Government ? Forget !
That 's the list , and they 're doing it right now .
There 's a very happy story that I 've read on a magazine about a few years ago .
There 's a group of experts invited to discuss the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in 1860 , the group of people came together , and guess what happened to the city of New York City in the next 100 years , and the conclusion is that the New York City will not exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they look at the curve on the map and say , if the population growth in this scale , to move a population of the New York City , they 'll have to go to six million horses , and the waste from six
They 're going to be flooded in the horse .
So in 1860 , they saw this technology that made this life in New York City .
So what happened ? In the last 40 years , to 1900 , in the U.S. , there 's 1,200100 companies that produce cars -- 1,1001 .
The idea of looking for a different technology that 's completely beyond all , and there 's a very small factory in stagnation .
Dearborn , Migan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to bring them security .
No , they 're not going to look at you .
Then you have to bring them a great service , separate and love .
And then you have to tell them about business .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to do three great things : the product that you want to sell to you , you have to have a perfect promising strategy , and you have to have a perfect governance .
Think about it ?
We 've never met an individual in the world , who 's just able to do it , sell it and manage money .
That doesn 't exist .
This animal has never been born .
We 've done a study , and we look at 100 companies in the Carnegie Hall , the West Bank , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all companies in the world have , one thing that is : No one company started with one person .
Now we 're teaching about the business of 16-year-olds in Northumberland , we started the classroom by giving them the first two papers of Richard Branson , and the work for these 16-year-old age-old
There 's no word " I , " and " we " have 32 times .
He didn 't start alone .
KH who started a company . No one .
So we can create a community where there are people who have an experience of a small business model of business in a coffeehouse , wine , and you 're going to make you some of the people who 've done to tell them what someone who
What can you do ?
Okay , you can sell it ? Can you manage money ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do this . " Do you want me to find somebody else for you ? "
We activate communities .
We 've got groups of volunteers who help the Enterrerise Facre , they 're helping to look for resources and human beings , and we discover that the miracles of human intelligence , like something like you can challenge the culture
Thank you .
By March , 2011 , I made a picture in New York City .
We 're green creatures .
The hidden in the dark room doesn 't window , and general is avoiding sunlight .
We manipulate the thinner , the more beautiful skin , it turns out that it can 't be possible , and we 've always got the criticism in the magazine , but we also have the talent artists with many years of experience and understand
In November 2011 , it was watching the world in the house , I saw tragic events happening in Japan .
Then , my volunteer volunteer to join the Hands Volunte , for a few days that came to the end of the effort .
I , with hundreds of volunteers that can 't just sit at home , so I decided to join them for three weeks .
On the 13th of May , I went to the town , I found the town in the town .
It 's a small village of Iwate , with the population of 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunami .
The water here is being recorded over 24 meters , and more than three miles deep in the land .
It can imagine , town has been devastated .
We pull the pieces from the channel , the hole .
And cleaning the school , sanitation , is ready for innovation and rehabilitation .
We cleaned the tons of fish and stigma from the local factory .
We 're tuting , but everybody 's fun .
In weeks , volunteers and local people are looking for something .
They 're looking for images and album and images and SD .
All of that .
They 've collected and they 've been talking about them in places around the market .
It 's not about that moment that I 've realized that these images are true to be a very large part of the people .
When they run the waves , to keep the revolution , they 've left everything , everything is left behind .
At the end of the first week there , I went to help a walk center in town .
I 'm going to clean the water hot water , a huge bath .
It 's also a place where it 's a place that 's going to collect images .
This is where people are communicating them , and I 'm going to get the honor , because they trust me to help them clean the images .
It 's really exciting and excited . I 've heard about it , but I 've heard it out of the face , but only when I really experience this new miracle .
When I look through images , there 's some more than a hundred years old , some of them still in the envelope in the envelope . I think , is an editorial person I can fix and break it , and I
So that night , I went to Facebook and asked a few people , and I got a lot of positive feedback , I knew I had to go to work .
We started repairing these images .
This is the first one .
It 's not broken , but it 's a water that 's made a girl 's face , it 's got to be repaired with accurate and high-funded .
If not , the girl in the shape will not look like you , and surely it 's bad as bad as it is .
In the time , it 's very lucky , a lot of images that are made , and we need to add people to repair , so again , again , I 've been on Facebook and LinkedIn , in the year , I
In two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , to July , we 've opened up the neighborhoods of Rikuzentzak , far beyond the north to the Yamada .
Every week , we installed our scanners in the temporary library , which was established before , to get people back to their pictures .
The big women who had never seen the scanner , but after 10 minutes , find their lost images , gave us to scanners , uploading a cloud of cloud , to download it by a spijin , a strange person in the world
The time spent time to restore the state is a completely different story , and it 's obviously dependent on the damage .
You can lose one hour . It can take a week .
It 's going to take months .
The needle in this picture is almost made up with hand , or the grave , from the colors and the details have no harmony .
It takes time .
Now , all of these images have been damaged , drowned in the saltwater , covered with bacteria , in the water , sometimes in oil , for a long time , so they 're going to continue to make a lot of damage .
We can 't fix if we don 't get cleaned , dry and make it .
We 've been lucky to wip my hand .
There 's an amazing woman who has led us .
It 's very easy to make damage to these images .
My team of Wynne used to say : It 's like tattoo for somebody .
You don 't have the wrong opportunity .
The woman brought us these pictures , when they were able to recover .
She 's cleaning them and stop when she 's making it more damage .
She also had a copy of the picture .
If you don 't , places like your husband and her face , it 's never going to be able to be able to be able to put them together in a different image , and do the whole picture .
When I got the images from us , she shared a little bit of my story .
These pictures have been found in a fireman who found in a fire , between the shattering of a long distance from where the house was destroyed , and they realized him .
On the day , he 's responsible for the tsunami .
He 's got to go back to the water when he 's going up .
Two little boys , not even smaller , two boys are at school , two different schools .
One is stuck in the water .
It took a week , she found them and knew that they were all survived .
The day I went back to her was the day of the youngest son of 14 .
For her , after all , these pictures are perfect gifted for him , something that can look back , to remember the past that has not been affected by the day of that day , when the entire life is wiped or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers who joined the All Hands , in which hundreds of people have been cleaned over 135,000 images , the majority — — — the majority of them have come back to their humanity , this
More than hundreds of global volunteers have paid for more than 90 families , hundreds of photos were completely restored and repairing .
In this time , we didn 't spend a thousand dollars for equipment and materials , most of the cost of the printer .
We took a picture of it .
Every picture reminds someone or something , a place , a relationship , a loved one .
They 're the ones that keep our memories and our story , is the last thing we 're holding on and also the first thing we go back to search .
That 's the meaning of this entire project , to restore the small pieces of humanity , bring the connections to someone .
When a picture like this is brought back , it will create a huge transformation in the life of the people 's life .
The project also makes a huge difference in the lives of the people who are editing .
For some people , they 've been connected with something big , for something , for something else , for something else that 's more than the rest of the skin and the skin .
I wanted to read an email to end this talk . This email from Cindy , a person who made a picture , sent me back from Japan after six months .
" When I work , I can 't think about each individual and stories that contain in images .
There 's a picture , a picture of the women in the house , from the old age of young , gathered around a little girl , and I 've lost my house because I 've got a similar picture , my mom , my
On the other side , whether at the time , our basic needs is , right ? "
Thank you .
I 'm at almost 50 feet under a legal minus in Ghana .
It 's not very hot air , and it 's hard to breathe .
I can feel the collision from my body to sweat through the dark , but I can 't see anything .
I heard the voice , but it 's almost a mixture of the sound and the rock is broken by crude tools .
As people , I 'm wearing a cheap battery that 's cheaply cheap , it 's embedded in the old condoms , I can 't look at the shaking trees that are against the walls of the hole of 0.28 feet
When I skiped my hand , I remember a couple of days ago , I had a couple of days ago , and I had been slipped down to the tunnel .
When I talk to you today , these people are still deep in that hole , risk of life without a food , and usually die .
I was climbed out of that hole , and they were home , but they were probably never going to be home , because they had a slave .
In the last 28 years , I 've collected the local culture in over 70 countries , and in 2009 , I 've been honored to be the only exhibition in the Sancouver in Vancouver .
In some amazing talents I met there , I met a supporter for the Santa Court , a member of the NOOS , a member of the modern slavery .
We started talking about slaves , and actually , I started to figure out about slaves because I knew that it existed in the world , but not there .
After the talk , I saw terrible and really embarrassing about this kind of evil in my life , and I think , if I don 't know , how many people don 't know ?
It 's starting to take care of the mind , so a few weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the president of the Santa Creative and propose them .
And then we started the journey in the modern world .
The strange is that I went to the majority of these places .
Some places I look like my house .
But this time , I 'd like to see the truth that 's being covered .
A conservative estimation that we know is more than 27 million people being slave in the world today .
That 's the number of people who are taken out of Africa during the period of slaves across the Atlantic .
150 years ago , there was a three-year-old , which was three times the size of the U.S.
The equivalent of 50,000 dollars today .
But today , a lot of family generations have been slave through many generations of debt .
It 's amazing , the slaves that make more profit than 13 billion dollars per year in the world .
A lot of people are deceived by the promises of good education , better work , just to see that I 've been working under the violence , and not escape .
It 's the case for commercialization , goods that slaves create value , but people make them feel like waste .
It 's almost anywhere in the world , whether it 's illegal everywhere .
In India and Nepal , I was sent to a brick .
This beautiful context is like walking into the Egyptian world or the hell of Dante .
It 's been wrapped in temperature than 54 degrees C , men , women , children , children , all of the families , were shining in the blindness , like the machine , put it on top , to 18 every time , and
It 's been dressed by the melting and exhausting , they 're quiet , and over and over and over 16 hours a day .
There 's no food , now to eat , because it 's a very serious water that 's going to go back to the normal .
It 's gone , and it 's all over the place where my camera is hot to be able to touch the button .
For 20 minutes , I have to go back to the wild car to wip the device and so that they work under the heat of their recovery , and when I sit there , I think , my camera is better for many people .
To go back to the oven , I just wanted to cry , but the person who was a slave on the side of the slaves , and I said , " Lisa , don 't do that . Don 't do that
He explained that the emotions are very dangerous in this place , not with me , but with them .
I couldn 't directly help them .
I don 't give them money , nothing .
I 'm not that water .
I can put them in a worse situation .
I 've got to be based on the Santa Council to work in the system to liberate them , and I believe they can .
For me , I have to wait for the house to really feel pain .
In the Himalayas , I saw the children of rocking across many miles of mountains down in the bottom .
The big rocks are more heavy than the kids who bring them , they pick them up on their head by using the wood , the rope and the rope .
It 's so powerful .
How can we create this kind of monkeys , and what happens ?
Some people don 't even know they 're being slave , they 're working 16 , 17 hours a day , because they 're just knowing .
They don 't have to compare .
When this village requires free , their cleaners .
These people don 't have , they die , they want to invest , but the women in the middle of the town and call people persistent , and people who are in the case that they 're going to get them together to get their own
We 're often thinking about sexual slaves when we hear from " slaves , " and because of this common perception , I 'm very difficult to do safely in this particular industry .
In Kathmandu , I was sent by women who used to be sex .
They led me down to the stairs to the nasty basement , in the dark light .
This is actually not a land .
It 's more like a restaurant .
The ovarian restaurants , as they 're known in the industry , are the places of racism .
Every place where there 's a small room , where slaves , women , children and girls , a seven-year-old , were forced to get to the customers , they buy wine and food .
It 's a little bit of sleep and dark , and it 's been realized by the number of paint on the wall by the curtain and the curtain .
The person who 's used to be abused of sexual abuse in their customers .
Stand in that dark corner , I remember the fear of fear , and that moment , I understood how to be in the hell is .
There 's just one way : the staircase that I go in .
There 's no climate store .
There 's no big window .
These people don 't have any escape , when we 're talking about the hard topic , we need to remember that slave , including the slaves of sex , which is happening where we live .
There are tens of thousands of people who have been slaves in agriculture , in the restaurant , and I 'm wrong in the house , and the list is long .
Recently , the New York Times report that from 100,000 to 300,000 American children are sold to sex every year .
It 's around us . We just don 't see it .
The textile industry is often used to think about the slaves .
I went to many villages in India , where many families were slaves in silk .
This is a family portrait .
It 's a black dye that 's the father 's father , the blue hand , and the red is his son .
They mix the dye in big boxes , and they put silk into that kind of water , whether it 's very toxic .
My version was telling their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But there 's still hope that we can leave this house and go somewhere else where we 're paid to dye . "
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children who are doing slaves in Volta , the largest human lake of the world .
The first time , I went through a turn .
I see the same as a family of fish in the boat , two boys , a little bit smaller , which seems to make sense ?
They 're all slaves .
Children have been taken out of the family , selling and lose , and they 're being stopped working on these boat in this lawn , whether they don 't know .
This child is eight .
He shaking when our boat came close to , the fear of the boat with her tiny baby .
He was terrified to fall in the water .
The branches of Volta 's crushed in the Volta , and the children who were tired of fearing down to the water .
Many are drowned .
What you remember , is that you 're working on the lake .
The fear of democracy , I don 't dare to run , and because they 're damaged from small , they 're going to go down into smaller slaves that they manage .
And I met these boys at five o 'clock in the morning , when they 're pulling the last grid , but they 've worked from a morning .
In the dark night of the wind .
It takes the idea that these nets are almost 500 kilos when they 're full of fish .
I want to show you Ko .
Kofi is saved from a village .
I met him in the support that the Santa Clacier 's Firection of slaves .
Where I 'm going to show you in the oculus , and it 's great , and the great news is , when you and I 'm sitting here today , Kofi has been reuned with the family , and
Kofi is the ability of the ability .
How are you going to be somebody who 's standing up and change your life ?
The car on the road in Ghana , also the colleagues in the Santa Court , one of you 're on the slaves , you 're on the slaves of the car , you 're going to be able to take a
He told us to go on the road in the forest .
At the end of the road , he urges us to leave the car , and he told the car .
And it 's just in this blurger and say , " This is the way , this is the way . Go . "
Go in that way , we map the wires , and after one hour of the forest , the traces were drowned in the water after the rains , so I 'd put the tools on the head when we went down to the
After two hours of turbines , the traces around the unexpected end of the land , and in front of us are a huge area of the rocks , they 're full of slaves .
A lot of women are holding their back in the back of the gold , and they go through the water of the bank .
It 's used in the extracting process .
These mines were made slaves in the tunnel in a different area of Ghana .
When they 're out of the basement , they 're wet by their own sweat .
I remember looking at the red eyes , their tiredness , because many people were under the ground to 72 hours .
The tunnels go to hundreds of meters , they 're going to put them on a very heavy bag , to move them to the other area , where the rock was crushed to take gold .
Look at the time , it seems to be full of healthy people , but when you look close , there are more lucky to work in extreme situations , there are children .
They 're all victim , disease and violence .
In fact , many of these muscles will be like this person , the tuberculosis in the next few years .
This is Manuru . When his father died , he was brought to the work .
When the man died , Manuru was the debt of his debt , and was forced to slave in this area longer .
When I met , he worked 14 years in the mines , and the wound in the legs that you see here is from a car accident , an injury that he said to saw .
On the top , Manuru was tuberculosis , but it was still working on the day at that time .
Anyway , he still dreamed the freedom to go to the help of local activists like the Santa Council , and determines like this , on the face of strangers , making me overwhelmed .
I 'd like to slave the light .
When I worked in this area , I brought a lot of candle , with the help of the translator , I got to get to the people that I took pictures that I wanted to look at the story and their context , and then when I
They know their shape will be seen by the people out there , like you .
I want them to know that we 're going to show them , and we will do anything that can help them change their lives .
I really believe , if we 're looking at other people like the people , it 's very hard to drill crime like slaves .
The images are not about themselves . They 're about people , people , like you and me , all deserves the right , honor and respect to each other .
There 's no day I don 't think about these amazing people who are stressed . I have a great honor to meet them .
I hope that the images will form a strong source of people , people like you , and hopefully the power is going to hit the fire , that fire is going to shine on the slave , because there 's no light , the hell of the
Thank you very much .
