This story has not been done .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
Imagine a first piece : a man burned his life .
Imagine he , a community of progresses in Son , the real face that his life was cost .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now come out with him .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in the hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has been trying to fall out of us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Maai , 18 years old when my parents died -- had a married marriage , had two little girls .
So after four years , a natural school is more than in the comic , a boat that 's a camouflage is the fish .
If we were caught , first was my sister and my mother and she would drink .
We 're going to be in Forer , sub-pressed , sub-patternity areas of the population are immigrants .
A long-term community to fish , because it 's got to wear six years .
The mind is reassuring and a quiet voice , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
You open your computer store and you learn a aesthetic and open a different business .
We 're looking for aid and funded leaders .
The center is established .
In the world , I 've been stuck in the rest of the life , the tragic damage , because violence , addiction and she 's stressed .
And because that work , when I was the last year , I was elected was the Purgian Puris of the year .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was at the time that I was at the age of my mother when we went to the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was made , the new person came , the new one -- and not just one thing we need to know , it 's a gift from the boat .
So I went in my empathy .
I collected a little team with us , " No " is " a fascinating challenge .
I made a huge soup of soup so that we ate .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like that in the centuries .
In 17 years old , she became a two-year-old , and she was a very important model , he was beat her .
I 'm in a hotel room at Sdney 's moment in her moment , she lost 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the time half of a home came and told us that he had to be a financial .
My mother told us my hand .
My mother asked the professor , " Why did my mother warmth that the mother stopped ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother today is here at the fourth chair .
It 's a great honor for me to stand here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in prison , after iron and in prisoners for the prisoner of the death .
I also had spent a long time in the community of people who had low income with projects and place filled with despair .
And I 'm here I 'm going to encourage and I listen to this is more powerful for me .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important thing .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a non-Sits-American and in a system , and I was a family .
Three mothers actually are slave .
She was hard , but she was also in a way .
When I was a little girl , every time I looked at her , she would go and hug me in my life .
My hug was so hard to see me , and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'll come and say , " Bryanyan , are you still feeling like she hug her ? "
And if I said , " No , " she 'll be " attacking " and if I say , " I 'll leave me with one .
She 's a characteristic way you 're always going to be near .
My mother was the youngest son in the house .
I was sometimes , I was in her side , but I was hard to have her care time .
And I remember , at the time , I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , I woke up , and I saw all my sisters running around the room .
I thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " Oh , "
" The first thing she wanted to promise you is that you must love your mother . "
" The second thing she wanted her to do is always do the right thing , though , it was hard to get . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no . Two people go . You 'll never drink a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people go , go on , go on . "
I shouldn 't say .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do that , is moral ; I want to talk about how human humanity is .
We can make them work in what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for the time of cooking and sold wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prisoned .
America now has the highest prisoner of the world .
And there are seven million people who are managers or temporary .
And three black men at 18 to 30 , there 's a prisoner in prison , being a prisoner or a temporary .
Our law system is not just shape by the way , not only being prime minister from race , but also being distorted by poor .
And even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and political anger has made us believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a silence .
Many of my customers still have a little bit of a lot .
We have a prisoner that doesn 't have kids ' own .
We actually do the kids who do .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'd like to be representative for prisoners .
But there 's still another way of thinking about where we are in our humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether someone is dead or not whether we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this problem .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been very hard to talk about race , because we 're not willing to admit to the legs and reconcipo .
I had some of the talks in Germany about the molecular project .
It was amazing because my talk , there was a scholar who stood up and said , " It was really hard to hear what he was talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no molecular level .
You 'll feel like if you live in a world where Germany did the molecular project , especially when it was the Jewish Jewish .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Southern Men-year-old , people still have a real life-time ability to be able to be 11 times 11 times 11 times more white than the victim , and 22 times as black as black as
And so , there 's a way of preventing .
Text : I love creativity .
Well . We have the reason , we 're going to contribute to intelligence .
They come from ideas and then are directly told by the heart of the heart .
Vaclav Havel , a great leader of S check , talked about this .
And it 's just about things .
I went and heard them after a few hours , she turned to me and said , " Well , Bryan , let me hear about the justice of the legal .
So I started talking about yelling .
When I said my attention , she looked at me and said , " Well , well , well . "
I really think that TED community needs to be courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that the suffering .
Because in the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that 's true for everyone on Earth .
I think that if somebody is lying , they 're not just a deception .
And so , people have basically been able to get the law of protection .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , is a lot of places in the world , the paradox of poorness is not rich .
And finally , I believe that this is really cool , very exciting , very exciting and stimulated , but we 're not going to be judged by technology we make by our design , because the wisdom and ideal .
Because that 's the result of what we started to have a profound insight about who we are .
I 'm going to lose weight , I 'll end this story with this story .
Sometimes I 'm trying to be so hard .
And I did represent the children who were very heavy .
I went to prison with my own own , which was 13 , 14 , and he was allowed to be in front of a big person .
Why can a building make you a person you 're capital ?
The next morning , I woke up and thought , I dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be hard to be here .
I whispered my ear .
It has something that 's very profound with the human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the hopeful thinking .
And when I walked into , the judge saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all the hours of screaming .
He jumped up to the gate .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a national global global global population here , we 're trying to re-crowing a money in punishment .
For example , in Cali , we 'll spend a million dollars on the next five years . Yes , a million dollars .
56 percent of rape rape was not processed .
The rate of prison is being in the U.S. increase in the U.S. , not the violence .
And so we have three fighters that people are in general prison for stealing or stealing the carpage of the second level instead of getting them back to the theme of that property .
I believe we need to do more work to help people who are turned into victims because of crime , not to do less .
Byan , you actually have been right to people here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill up the time .
He came here in 18355 as you know quite well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , still to pay for another notion of what is called the movement of hip .
I went there in 1971 , researching in West Africa .
I 'm there because Tuni grew up in Europe and wanted to be able to do that later in Africa .
And even though I could have been able to fit into life .
This is my first sunbine .
It 's been around by the palm of the palm , you can see , some mangrove .
There are a non-centimeter of about 20 feet of a non-patient species that are a black-pat-patuilt , black-pat-pattern robot .
The dub-po-bounding fishing , which is helping to stabilize the number of fish and they actually have quite a lot of benefits that they make more of average income in Ghana .
They reach the age of five-centimeter size .
So there 's nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe is doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , which is called Mutia 4 .
What we 've been able to get , we don 't find out from it .
The key thing is that the bottom of the sea is pulled up the boat then was thrown back back .
These pictures are so powerful because this movement happens so fast .
In a year , you do a survey after that commercial fishing .
These species are not used to be consumption , they 're thrown out because they 've died .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the medical axis here , the number of whales , the number of whales of the forest , the water supply of water , the water supply .
Every generation will use images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a larger level , what we want to do today .
You just lose animals .
They become more scarce , because we 're being beat them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , and scientists will argue that before it 's really different .
For example , the story of some people who told the Curge of the Curricate , see a lot of fish in this region , can 't eat or not be used by the experts in fishing scientists , because it doesn 't
Because with the ocean region that we actually are re-border .
I think that art and film can be compressed , and simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it has been moving people -- don 't notice what Pahontasontas do -- why it 's been touched by the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many options you do ?
I 've been surveyed with over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of options that the typical people who have done is about 70 times in a day .
There was a survey that we had been done with CEOs that we had been in the CEOs for a week .
And scientists have led all these different kinds of CEOs that are involved and they 've spent a lot of time doing decisions through those tasks .
Of course , every mission is compounded a lot of small options .
Now , think about your own choices .
If not , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their siblings .
We opened a little bit of a little bit of a flavor in the store .
Many people stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24-pressed , and when there were six , there were only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized in any case people like buying a bottle of jam .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the few people stop when we put 24 , there are only three percent of them buying a bottle of jam .
And in the few stop people who have only six-pressed , unexpectedly when we see 30 percent of them buy a bottle of a box .
Now , try to make a little bit of a six times more than they want to buy a bottle of jam when they see six types of things .
The theme today is going to continue : Torte .
And what we see is that the number of resources are available in retirement-scale planning plans , the 401 plan that affect the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look more closely at the plans that the funding you two billion dollars of the main resources in the middle of the 70s are still not as high as we are .
Now it 's not the silk that 's the choices that anyone of us also advice to tell people when you look at financial competitions .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've been checking by many ways in many surveys that you can apply easily in your business .
People are always embarrassing when I say , " cut down . "
When Progotor Damble 's cut from 26 Head and Shoulders down 15 percent , they see the increase in the sales of the sales .
When Golden Caten Cat 's first 10 of the worst products for cat , they found the increase in August of a profit and a cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost .
You know , the average stores of the grocery store today gives you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the human description .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So my lesson I did with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandro Hallt , and we did a lesson with people in INGNTG , and now these people who worked in a stage they could recru
And during this stage we keep the stage before , but just one little thing .
We can solve more distributions than we solve options .
It shows that Wegman 's shop in and under the east of the store of the magazine everywhere from 331 different kinds of magazine to 664 .
Now , two different types of pages .
If you think the left is Swing and the right is Jazzling you .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and on the right is Swing you .
All right , more than a little bit .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to be more complex .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to finish your car .
The color , the outside , I have 56 options .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that those decisions exist .
If you press the button , " for each decision , that means you 're too much options , it means you lose me .
With the same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the restaurant that information is shown in there .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also inspired me this big product that I 'm going to be engaged with it , so I 'm very happy to be pushed and busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'll focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the ball .
Just 10 times , there are three times .
By the way , that 's a global ball of 10 times as a global .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , do you know ?
And it 's just 257 .
You think the number of " ball " for a heart surgeon , a nurse or a nurses or a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a haunting student by perfect .
I learned in my little gate , in my little little shines in the nurses in the hospital of Toronto , not far away .
I learned in the surgery that started and worked on each other 's own , every branch of the artery , the complex disease , the rare diseases , and the media .
And during the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of the heart asked heart clinic , is to explore the patient 's health .
And I met her Dr. Ducker , she was very hard to breathe .
This state happens when heart doesn 't work , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood vessel movement , and then blood is full of lung health , and so the patient 's hard .
And that was when I was wrong ; I gave her the hospital .
I showed her the hospital without talking to the surveillance doctor .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I 'm missing confidence that I asked my nurses to take care of Dr. Ducker , " Can you think she come out of the hospital ? "
And the nurses thought a while and said , " Oh , I think she 'll be okay . "
So I sign the library , and I saved her , and the carcore a doctor 's home .
I went through the way homework on the street .
Three-digit three-digit : Does it remember ?
She came back and she got dead .
Hold one hour after she went home , after I gave her home , she had a stroke and her family called save and people brought her back to the emergency room and blood pressure , in 50 , in a serious shock .
And the emergency room staff are saving all the way .
They put her into the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking up to the bone .
And I 'm sitting on the speed , because after she 's in the stable state , she 's given into a special care , and I hope that she 'll be able to recover .
You know that kind of embarrassment , when you leave a secret that you 're most likely to swam up and you 're being lamped and you 're the most stressed and you 're the most likely to get your terrible
This shame is a guy .
And I just wondered .
Why don 't I ask the doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was the main doctor in a community hospital in the northern Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old man .
And I was very busy , I was a little bit in .
He just went there .
I saw his throat , it was a little pink .
And two days later I went to the next save next time , and that was my high school on my own talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember the pain of your throat ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and recover after a few days .
But every time , they all shoved me , I 'm all looking at me .
That 's the system we have .
In about 20 years I wrote and I wrote a medical media , I 've been working on a pre-pattern and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could , from one of my first lessons I wrote to Toronto Star Test
And what I learned is that there is a wrong thing .
We work in a system in which is wrong , and in which 10 units is one or a single , or a misconception of the dose , or the dose of the dose , in which bacteria are starting from the hospital , and more and more
In both cases , this is low-benevation , because in fact , we haven 't been access to this problem that we should be .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have the pre-pattern experience , for example , I can accept that a patient has a perfect disease .
With those things , wrong is antibodies .
So , if you process the system , as I 've been taught , and I 've got rid of all the wrong workers , there 's no one .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The medical person , in the concept , is the human being with meat , knows you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of what it is wrong , but trying to learn something from what she 's going to happen to teach
She was very supportive when people were talking about their wrong mistakes .
And she just made the wrong thing , not " A started " Awalk , " which is a support , the situation that people can be better .
Anyone of you can all be famous on the Internet on the Internet at the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video that is uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhh , wwwww !
Whereas this video is posted in January .
In fact , Jimmy Kimel .
Sixth , six . Rives on the street in Friday , people are waiting for the weekend , the weekend . Six , Friday . Rives on the Friday , you don 't think we have a conversation today without this video , I
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is a graph that shows it .
Well , Tosh.0 has seen , and many online reassuring the online rewards .
Michael J. Nelson from the mysterious scientific singer is one of the first people posted a joke about this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version of " Friday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody created an old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , but we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the characteristics of media , but they 're not true for the media today , but they 're going to decide how to solve the future .
And my new company is trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... attention to contribute from the community .
Huh . Say a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , what do I do ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story started here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that time that there was no change from the time that was the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do that with drill and machines .
So we 're going to get out of the magic that 's replaced with machines .
They prevent creativity .
I 've been illustrating books from 16 years old .
It 's becoming more important than the more senses .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it 's always interesting to me .
Another idea of gorgeous , when she was a big land-bound , could be collected in a single thing .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about the gods , but who don 't in India know about India , the Apollara version ?
So , in the way back to this child , you have to go out , and , in a program , take a flower and notes it .
In another program , you have to take a piece of a tree and notes it .
And what happens is that you 'll create a digital collection of digital collections that you can show up online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , maybe , this is a year , and this is a kind of time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to illustrate , graph is really silly .
Now if I draw graphs , for example , other technology , maybe the technology that is uploading , on a logical curve , it looks very rational , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history of technology that 's going to change the way that it 's been a few years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is exist ?
What is the new state that the world is going to be ?
Because this process seems very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far from the way we 're coming to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not very much about 30 , 50 years later , because when it 's all going to be very different from something that we 're going to do today , there 's nothing in
And so I think this picture is what it means if people look at it with a few billion years .
But now these oils don 't really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly randomly randomly .
It 's just a fundamental chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when those drops are made to extract .
In fact , all the living organisms are stored by its genome by the same and the code is completely similar .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually communicate DNA .
This is what this is to allow the bacteria to form that can form that including the same bacteria that are together ; they are cooperating .
And so they 're alive or dying , which means , if a community is good , all of those individuals in the community , they produce more individuals and they evolved in positive ways .
And so , the next process is very interesting in life that lost about a billion years .
And at that moment , we can multiply , the pants have a different types of cells , working together as a single one .
The skin cells of people are not going to work if lack of the existence of heart cells , cells , brain cells and other cells .
The next process is in these groups .
These cells , again , start to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a fish can live , for example , learn not eat a kind of thing because it 's not good and it can be uncomfortable and it can be uncomfortable when it 's .
That nervous system , the fact that they form specific structures , has rapidly push the process .
Because evolution can happen in a fish .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here saying the natural voices , hoping to make people think of the chaos and ambiguity and dreams and sometimes like my thinking .
This allows us to exist as a living body .
Text : computers , video , CD and many other things are the tools that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a larger community and more likely to be more likely to evolve than we before .
This process is just going on and I guess , I think , the emotions are from the right -- when a process of changing its changing rate .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this curlor of the curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that my device used to design computers can 't use if there 's no recent technology in the computer .
So now , what I do is design with complex level of complexity seems to be possible if design them in traditional direction .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connection .
Instead , what I do is that the members of the design are doing at the Foretical Design , which is that we think about the level of extracting and take that filter into the machine and using that more effective extracting , further and faster
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the ways we don 't even understand .
One particular approach that I 'm still using is a lot of evolution .
Or , in other words , " The computer , can you make hundreds of millions of random rules .
In other words , I 'm going to define what I want .
And so let 's copy them with the reorganization of the same thing as reproduction . "
Take two programs and they make products by giving their subtituting , and product is admitted to the quality of two programs .
Maybe there 's some changes .
So , I 'll have perfect program with the number of numbers .
In fact , they 're more effective than a lot of programs I can write .
They are very simple programs and odd programs .
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details to give you a safe flight . ' It doesn 't make you feel confidence ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the build-based design .
Because all of this technology is all motivated themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's going to be chasing us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is pretty much like Peace Corps for computer champs .
We chose some candidate candidates every year , they 'll work with the city .
There they 'll write a great app , working with the team of staff .
How can it find help in the situation ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that the city never took off the firefill .
But one member of the members called Erik Michael-Ober , pay attention to another , which is that people still have been natural peace before .
Every time you have to put it , and he 's called the first name of Al .
This is a small application .
Maybe the smallest of 21st-positive applications and members write in last year .
But it did something that doesn 't work .
A guy in the city of Honolulu , who knew about this app and realized he could use it , not for the snow , but to people define the tsunami .
It 's important to do these lights , but there 's a lot of energy from them .
Chicago software applications for people to post the tigligent sidewalk the summer when the sun has snow .
Now there are nine cities that are planning to use this app .
Last year , we had a team of three people working on a two-and-half months of Boston .
The project that the parents found the right job with their children .
There 's two people who tell us that the normal , to build a software that will have to lose at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California that 's spent two billion dollars taxes , but still doesn 't work .
That means that the uniform doesn 't control , always reminds and reproduction of new things .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more than the action of the power of electronics .
They haven 't been rid of it .
Now there are lots of people who lose their own government .
Like many people , I thought the government was just starting to vote .
After two years , I 've been able to get the special conclusion with local government , about the dancers .
He type " Oross " in the mainstream data .
This is the effect of the people who come in the Cultural room in Boston .
But what happens with Citizens Conference .
Good sleep , muffin , the cassum is worthy . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how technology approaches real life .
When this person helps the other person , our community becomes bigger .
If you call the animal center , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we often spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that governments will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but then there
But that contrary of contribution to us what we have and pay for the thing against us , and then it 's harmony .
There 's a person who thinks it 's very interesting .
Because it 's where the real jobs happen .
That 's what OccuySMEC did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but it 's the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do without the government to represent all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their war is not like us not going to be people who are going to be a voice ; they all have to do that .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can process the watercrock , and many people have done that .
But the applications like the reminder that we don 't just be consumers , and we 're not just the consumer consumption of government , taxes and they get service .
Moreover , we are citizens .
And we can 't be stable government until we do good for citizens .
I have a question for all of you : When are important things that matter to our shared hand , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of hours of speech , or we 're going to be a group of hands ?
And I really think the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients .
One of the things we did at the University of Radboud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It has a button in the middle of the turn .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's best possible because this is called the equal pressure , the equal pressure that has helped patients -- since it 's used to obesity , it can also use to be used to get drugs .
Wind out the easy techniques and started with them to make sense of feelings of patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where are there the most recent AED to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to introduce this device not just AEDU4 that this product is called , but AED4S .
Because , maybe , this is photography that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's a little bit of a passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , processed on the plan .
These pictures : building the same way across the crowds .
But it has a light-bagging .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the context of creating hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that the combine images are also in common .
It 's really just a little bit of doing different reality .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combine the images should have a general public .
Second , combine images should have the same light .
And two pictures are satisfying two conditions -- All right at the same level and at the same same same time .
So by combining color , the same reflection and light in the boundaries between different images , add in the deepest disabilities of the field , desalination , our color and dust , we debris , we dele the contag
But this picture is completely created by different images from different areas .
I think that it 's easier to even create a context is to find context , because then you don 't have to be able to organize ideas in the head .
And there 's this idea for the winter , I know I 've got to lose a few months to prepare , to find different places for the images .
For example , fish are caught in the journey .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
Every tool is here , and the only thing we 're doing is imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Growse Growse .
And just for a few years , LEGO had been in every house .
LEO has taken the concrete brick , building blocks , and made it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic structure that will take us from the world of the world of the world of the world of the world that everything interactive .
It 's like concrete , transistor allow you to build larger circuits and more complex , every brick .
My personalization is not accepted this , that the bricks builds the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Little MittleBit is electronics with different functions .
You 're blue with green , you can make the circuit .
Instead of the packing of the building , like this , and now you have a flash of light .
Together , you 've created this sound .
We 've taken a little child 'sBEBay and watch them playing with a little bit of fun .
And that 's a great experience .
We also put the PittleBE to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unstable about electronic electronics starting with a good tool like creative tool .
And here you 'll see , with a cloth , paper and bottle , Odieve made ...
A few weeks ago we took a little bit of time to RISD and put them for some designers that didn 't have any experience with the cover , wood and paper -- and told them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government found out that the materials that bring the right ideas they can get to get to the humanitarianism of these optimism .
But today , at this moment , in 2011 , if you have a laser print from any printer that 's called the age of any printer and if you try to print a paper page that 's going to have a yellow dots on all the printing
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this kind of criminal justice is very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the typical examples of the world are coming from the world who have been earned by the money from the Internet .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that today is risk we become a victim of the world , bigger than the real world .
And a clear fact that these threats are getting worse .
In the future , most of the legal cases will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymousus has been up in the last 12 months and became a very important amount of weight in this cybercrimination .
So we have three groups of attacks : criminal leaders with their own purpose of hacking like Anonymouses that work to resistance and finally be our government , government is attacking us .
There are lots of cases like what happened in DigiNotar .
They had to submit the last year because their network had been destroyed .
On the last week , in a meeting with the Dutch government , I had a question for their leaders that he saw was not if someone had to die because Digoti was attacked .
DigiNotar is a service company .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using a kind of knowledge-tit-tit-torn service with SSL , which is the service that Gmmmm is using .
We all , or at least part of us are using Gmail or another email , and these services are popular in the institutions like Iran , where the mainstreamists are used to use the service of the foreign services , because they know the G
And it creates the evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNot .
In this documentary , these are notes from a company that has been sold in Germany to the U.K. government for a lot of high-tech tools to hear in a big scale of all the communication and exchange of people .
This is the main universe of that company .
But the Western government does it right now in their country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people found out the Tjan Scanjinstin , is a Germanjan who used to investigate their people .
They heard your Internet sugar .
They even use tools like Tojinstin Scuinstin to infect your computer , and then they can get all the information you 've been talking about , there 's all your conversation through your Internet , and there 's
So why do I worry ?
But this arguments is not rational .
Pivil privacy is not a arguer .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we believe , in a blind way of blinding in any future , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
