This story has not over .
Let me tell you about some pieces of pieces .
Let 's imagine the first piece of : one man burns his career .
Imagine yourself , a communist in the Gord , the real life that the whole life had ever been .
Lear from , in the year of the year , you 're running with him , and he 's going to come up with a supersto .
She 's never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission was not to let lives in the hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize , yes , history has tried to break us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Maut , 18 18-year-old parents -- arms-hearted parents , a marriage who was laid ahead , there were two young girls .
So after four years , a scene is more than a whole time in a coma , a boat that slanged out of the camps was a fishing vessel .
If we were arrested , first of my first and my mother and then she 'd drink .
We settle up in Fifularmore , which is the suburban region in the population of the population of immigrant .
A whole community to be a long-term community , because it 's about to be about six .
Again , the re-westing , and I said , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
My mother opened up the computer and the specialist and the open-source and to open another business .
We 're looking for subsidics and funded .
The centers centers are set up .
In the world , I 've got stuck in my life-to-living components , trauma injuries , aggressive , and alcohol .
And since that work , when I was the last year , I was the Australian Pain of the year .
I don 't know how much of the alcohol .
I said my mother was not able to do .
My mother said I was a young age of my mother when we were on the boat .
And at the same time , I realized that the human peopoly was a little bit , new , new shower -- and it 's not just okay , but something that we need to thank you , perhaps , it 's a gift from
So I went into my own hunch .
I collected a little team with us , " No , " which is not a proposal to do .
Every day , I did a huge soup that we ate .
There 's a trip .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is that in the centuries .
Five year old , she became his second wife , and he was kind of forced her .
I 'm bathing in a hotel room in Sydney , at her moment , she was 600 miles from the way she was 600 miles from , in Melneourne .
Half the night 's night a night came and told us that he was to be gifted .
She told me that her husband feels .
My mother asked her home , " Why is my mother 's toughness , " everybody 's colding me ? "
I want to be a child , and I asked the boat .
I don 't know .
And yes , my mother today is here in a fourth store or a time .
It 's a great honor for me to be here and shared with people .
I had to spend long time in prison , after the iron , and the prisoner was a prisoner .
I 've also spent a long time in my community of low-income people with the projects and the high-pressing despair .
And I 'm here to be encouraged and I listen to this point that I was so much more powerful .
And I mentioned this because I think it was really important .
I was really learning about this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional African-class , traditional family , and I 'm a family who 's family .
And she was really a slord of the slave .
She 's tough , but he was engaged .
When I was a kid , every time I looked at her and she was going to go and get me in my heart .
She was forced me to hold me up and I saw her breath and then she got me .
One or two hours later , if I met her grandmother 's going to go and she said , " Byan , how do you feel like you 're going to be ? "
And if I said , " Oh , " she 'll go , " I 'm going to say , " I 'm going to say , " Lew , " I 'll let me alone alone .
She 's kind of a very characteristic way that you will always be able to get close .
My mother was a young child in my house .
I sometimes go and I was on the side of her , but it 's hard to get her time to be my attention .
And I remember , I was about eight , nine years old , and I woke up , in the living room and I saw all my brothers and sisters around the room .
At the beginning of my time , I 'm going to play a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget you .
I said , " I 'm saying . "
" The first thing she 's going to make is always love to love your mother . "
" The second thing she would want to make is always do the right thing to do with the wrong thing . "
I said , " No , no , no . It 's not . It 's not going to drink a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that 's true . It 's true . Everybody persons , keep walking . "
I don 't say .
I 'm not saying that I think I 'm doing this , right moral ; that I want to talk about human power .
We can make them to do things they don 't think they 're done .
He was in prison for the rest of the lake and sellinging wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people in prison .
The United States has the highest prison rates of the world 's highest reservation in the world .
And there are seven million people who are deployed or stucated .
Three of black men at the age of 18 and 30 , there was a person in prison , being sold or temped .
Our system is not only going to be in the way , not only being revered by the way that raism is also distorted by the poor .
Even though we seem to feel comfortable about this .
And so the fear and the political politics that makes us believe that this is not the problem and we 're noticing .
But this is what I got to care .
And there 's a solo silence .
Many of my appearance is still a little bit .
We have a prison sentence in a time that we have not a child 's life .
We 're actually doing a lot of lawsuits .
And the only country in the world doing this .
I 'd like to go to the princip of the prisoners .
But there are other ways of thinking about where we are in our own way .
The other way about this is not whether whether there are people being a guilty or not whether or not whether we have killed them or not ?
It 's really hard that imagine .
But somehow somehow we 're separated from this .
But for the African African national , it 's a terrible time .
They fear that bombed .
We don 't stop conflicting .
We 've been very hard to talk about the race of race , that I believe that we 're not willing to admit the truth and reconciliation .
I had some songs in the world about death row .
It was amazing because of my presentation , there was a schedged and a saying that " I really am very uncomfortable to listen to what he was talking about . "
" No , no , no death row .
How do you feel like if we live in a German world where the German was the first project , the first person is the Jewish people .
I can 't make it blind .
In our country , in the U.K. government , the first time , the fact that you have a very likely to be able to get a nuclear detector , when the victims were the white person , if the victims were the white person ,
And therefore , there 's a preventive .
So technology , technology , technology .
Yeah . We have a sense of choice , we have devent intelligence .
They 're coming from the ideas and the communication of the heart .
Vulneravaelel , a great link to the check , said about this .
I mean , just about what 's just mentioned .
And I had a time and I heard them after a few hours , she said to me and said , " Well , Bau , let me hear about the math of the math of the constitution .
So I started to say .
When I say my ideas , she looked at me and said , " Okay , yeah . "
I really think that the community should be more brave .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , the issues and the issues that inequality injustice .
Because in all , we all have a living organism on the planet .
I believe that 's true for everybody on Earth .
I think if someone lied , they 're not just a deck .
And therefore , the people we have the right to be protection .
I also believe that in many places in the country , and of course , is a lot of places in the world , the poor opposition of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that the fact is really very beautiful , very exciting and very stimulating , but we end up not going to be judged by technology , because of our designs , because of our intellect and the ideology .
Because that 's the consequence of what we started to have a profound insight about who we are .
Sometimes , when I lose weight , I 'll end up with this story .
Sometimes sometimes I 'm going to be too hard .
And I did the children who were very severely .
I went to my own friends , that was 13 child , and 14 and he was allowed to be a big person .
Why is a judge that makes you a person that you 've been capital ?
And then the next morning , I woke up and thought , I dreamed about a crazy proposition or I actually wrote it ?
I thought this was going to be difficult to this .
I whispered into my ears .
It has a relationship to deeply in the human mind , about the ability to contribute to each other for the community , for the full hopeful hope .
And when I was going to see , I judge judges me .
He always looked at the window , and he could hear all the screaming screaming .
He jumped to the top of the guard .
Thank you very much .
So he heard and he saw the desire of the audience , the community of helping to you on your own route and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring is going to be a national sphere , we 're trying to guide a target in the punishment .
For example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for a five-year-old sentence for five years . Yes , one million dollars .
Forty percent of rape rapes are not processing .
The rate of the arrest is in the United States , it 's not violent crime .
And so , we have three civil fighters who are being killed in because of the sliping , because they 're stealing by stealing , or sliced by a very high-off-off-class , because they 're going
I believe we need to do more things to help people who are turned into victims , but not to do less .
Bau B , he actually actually confined the psychology of the people here .
And so the idea could be explained for a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before you 're going to be in the time .
He 's been here in 18355 , as you know a pretty clear .
So what 's happening here ?
Second story , it 's still to give you another conception which is called the transition of the hip .
I 've been there in 1971 , the research in the West .
I was there because T.K. grew up in Europe and I wanted to say that later afterwards will be done in Africa .
Even though I could fit into life .
This is my first nodilla .
Fasting is surrounded by the palm tree that you can see , a few trees .
There 's a 20-percent space in the middle of the an antic silver , with a very nice black robot .
The fishery-bottocrance of this black-minded-out-the-one-the-in-the-border , and they actually have a little bit of time they 're getting a lot of money
They are at the age of five-mound-level .
So there 's nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- it 's not , starting from the ' 60s -- Europeans a lot of projects .
And this boat here , it 's quite bad , called calledututia .
What we started , we don 't find the word for it .
The point is that the bottom of the sea was taken up and forth after the other end of the back .
These pictures are really sensitive to imagine this transformation .
Within a year , you do a survey later , commercial catching begins .
These species like this , they 're not consumed , they were thrown away because they died .
We 've not change the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from the medicine here , biodiversity , the number of whales that are the size of the country , the water supply .
Every generation will be used to see the images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will be going to be that .
And that , with greater levels , what we want to do today .
You just lose animals .
They become more and less scarce than we 're starting to catch them .
Because they don 't know what it looks different .
In fact , a lot of people , and scientists will be argued that it was really different .
For example , the story that some people have told the representatives were a lot of fish in this area cannot be able to eat or not often used by the sciences of the fish who have fish , because it doesn 't take any scientific calcul
Because with the sea-pirure areas that we are actually replicating the past .
I think the arts and films can probably be used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to compensate , and the simulation .
You will probably see the color and the sound like " Avatar . "
If you think of " Avi " " if you think about how it 's connected to me -- don 't notice the story of the Luke Lasse -- how to be surrounded by the icon .
Thanks very much .
Do you know how many choices do you have a choice ?
Recently , I 've been looking at over 2,000 than Americans , and the average of the people who have the typical tradition of the typical worker did was about 70 times per day .
There was a survey that was done with the CEOs that we were CEOing for the week for week .
And scientists have managed to all sorts of different tasks that CEOs and they were spending spent a lot of time to do these decisions that are going to do with these tasks .
Of course , every task has been a lot of choices .
Now , think about your own choices .
If I 'm not , when I 'm asking , and if you 're going to say yes , you 're happy about you .
This is the sold of their laundry .
We 've opened up a little taste of a little bit of the doorway .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24 hours of , and when only six , there were only one of the time .
Next , we realized in case everybody liked a bottle .
Now we see the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when we give 24 24 , only three percent of them bought a bottle .
And among those who stopped the only six , five surprise , that when we saw 30 percent of them bought a bottle .
Now , try to do a six-mountite exercise that people want to buy a bottle of bottles when they see six more than they see 24 .
So today 's next day to go on : Sustainable finance .
And what we see is that the number of donor funding available in retirement savings planner presction 401 genes have impacted to the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look more , the planes for you two billion resources in the middle of the 70s that 's not as much as we were .
Now , not the stamette of those caements are any choices that we 're given to you for the next time you 've considered the financial financial prize .
So what I want to ask you today is today 's analogy , which we 've tested with many ways in the surveys that you can apply your business in your business .
People always always feel embarrassing when I say , " cut cut . "
When Pashionor & amp ; GMble 's got out of 26inald & amp ; Glauded down to the 15 , and the people who noticed the increase of sales sales accounted over 10 percent .
When the Golden Cross-bounded takes the best selling soldments of the cat , and they noticed that increase in the revenues of eight percent of a cost of growth and decline .
You know , the average of the grocery stores today you give you 45,000 products .
People say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human beings .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So the lesson I did with Shomo Benzartz and Bessange Wevit us , and we did a song to people in the world I 'm doing the job in I.G. and now those people have been a
And during this stage we 've been keeping back before , but only a little bit of a little bit .
We can solve more of the moreributes that we deal with choice .
It 's only showing that the Wumanman Teds and the Southern East coast of the grocery of the people in the entire row of 33,000 different forms of various forms of various forms of various forms of different forms
Now are two different types of different types .
If you think the one on the left is the tiger and the right side of Jennny , please invite you to shake .
Good , a couple of people .
If you think the left is Jeren and right , " You know , " I 'm sure you 're going to ask you to shake your finger .
Good , more .
This is very very radical .
We have to increase complexity .
You have over 60 different decisions , to finish your own driver 's seat .
The color , the outside , I have a Fox 5a-aired .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the way that those decisions exist .
If you click the default button , " each decision making it , you 're getting too much choices , which means you lose me .
With the same information , the same number of choice .
The only thing I 'm going to finish is that I 've changed the same information that was being shown in that .
If I started with you , I learned how choices I choose .
It also gives me a tremendous amount of enormous I 'd attach to it so I 'm glad to push me and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number of one I hope you 've heard of it .
That 's just the bangles .
Ten times three times .
By the way , it 's a football player that 's four times four times safe .
Clearly , isn 't it wrong ?
But , but , you know what ?
And we 're showing 25 .
You 're thinking of a bubble , a cardomy , for a cardomy , a nurse or a surgeon , a surgeon , a doctor , a medical doctor ?
I 'm a student obsessed with perfect .
I learned in my little hometown of a dozen of the Lospital hospital in the Toronto hospital , not far out there .
I learned in the firsthand where the headatite and my activity every single organism , each branches of the artery of the arteries of the arteries , the diseases , the rare , all the way , both rare and met
And during the process , I gather more and more knowledge .
And my mission was when the missionary of the Woreginist asked to receive heart , was to the clinic of emergency room .
And I met her , I was called a very breathing .
This is happening in the hearts of the heart without normal , and instead of taking care of blood , a little bit of blood moves , and then blood is so sick .
And that 's the first mistake I was first about the first mistake ; I gave the institute .
I gave her a hospital that was not before before the doctor .
I probably have a right reason .
In fact , I lacked confident that I asked my nurses who cares her , Mr. John , " Do you think she 's okay to be a good market ? "
And you 've got a nurse thinking , and I said , " Oh , I think she 'll be fine . "
So I was signing the paper of the library , and the ambulance came to the home , the pediatricians send home home .
I went through the emergency room on home .
Three three is : Are you ?
She comes back and she die .
One day after a home after home , when I was back to her home , she fell and her family and the shepherd and she had her to go back to her emergency room and her record she 's 50 , in the very seriousness
And the staff of the case of the case .
They put her in their breath .
And I was shocked and shing to the bone .
And I 'm like a little bit on the highway , because after she stabilized , she was given to special special care , and I 've been hoping that the progression was that she 's going to be .
You know the embarrassment , that when you left a secret that you 've best friendly never touched and you 're never going to be able to get out and you 're on the face and you 're right there and you 're
This is a mild .
And I asked myself .
Why did I ask him to guide the head ? Why did you get sick patients ?
Two years later I was a legend in the emergency room in a community hospital in Toronto , and I 've been able to get 25 years old .
And so I was so busy .
He just goes .
I saw my tharke , he 's a pink rope .
And then two days later I went to the next day , and that was my time asking me to speak to me in my room .
" Do you remember the blood datbery ? "
You have to inject the antibiotics and recovering a few days .
But every time they were shoes , and they were staring at me .
That 's the system we have .
In 20 years I wrote the paper and I 've been doing a lot of medical care , I was studying the probability and the wrong person in the medicine to learn everything , from one of the first few I wrote to Torole Greh
And what I learned was that there 's a mistake everywhere .
We work in a system where it 's wrong for every day , and there 's 10 dollars a year or whether it 's a lonely or a Type or a deckment , in which the bacteria are starting from hospitals that
In the case , these are all low-sibitions , because we 've never seen this problem that we should have .
Space is always universality .
We have set up to bias that we have , in example , I could accept a patient who had a perfect patient who receive money .
And with that , the wrong thing is resistance .
So if you 're going to deal with systems , as I was taught , and eliminated all the career workers , it would not be anyone .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst situations ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The people , the same conceptual identities , is that people with bone marine , you know that you 're a human , accepting , that 's not pride to the wrong error , but trying to learn something from happening , and
She 's very supportive when people talk about their mistakes .
And you 're just going to make another mistake of the other , not a " A-rudent , " but a way to support , to get people to be better .
Everyone else can be famous on the Internet on the next Saturday .
But there are over 48 hours of video on YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Oh Ohhhh , Jww !
While this video was released in January .
It 's actually a bit of Jimmy Kimml .
Friday , Friday . The three-year-old street people expecting at weekends , at the end of the week . The sixth , the three-year-old night you won 't think we have today 's talk today , without
And about 200 million views .
This is a graph that describes this .
Well , Tosh.00s , and a lot of diary videos were starting to write about it .
Michael JDon from Nilleon is a one of the first people to post a joke on video video on Twitter .
So , apparently , there are now 10,000 times mimics " Frankay " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody has created a version of a time .
Because now we 're not just enjoying it , we 're engaged .
Oh .
What does this mean ?
And these things are not the characteristics of the media media , and almost almost as the same true media , but they 're going to decide how to future the future .
And my new company became my brain trying to try to enter into the environment by the way .
It 's noticed that it comes from the community .
Okay . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all about ?
Okay . Thanks very much .
My story started right now , in Rajasthanan about two years ago .
We talked that there 's nothing that changed the time of the ancient Industrial Hararata .
Today we 're doing it with drilling and machines .
We 're going to tell us that magic is " the replacement of the machine .
They prevent the inspiration .
I 've been a book since I was 16 .
The storytelling is becoming increasingly optimistic .
And I actually turned into a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies , in the glass glass , you don 't know why 's always interesting to me .
Another idea that my mind when a child is a huge set of savings can get into one single one .
We 've all heard about the girls , we 've heard the story of the people , but who didn 't in India that knows about India , about Kermans ?
So , in this case , this is going to be out of this , this is a way , and you 've got a little bit , and a little bit of a nest , and you name it .
In another one , you have to photograph a piece of a shell and heck it .
And what happens is that you 're going to create a digital collectile that you can display online .
In the ability to connect with magic , the planet and technology , there 's a lot of different possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report .
The answer is , if I did it on a typical curve , probably say , is this , a time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to be graphic , and graphics are beautiful .
Now if I plot the graph , for example , technology , it 's a technology of technology , a trucker , and it 's going to be very , very , very , very , very , very like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history history that has evolved technology that has evolved by changing the world 's worth of a few years .
That 's all the way that happen .
Now I 'm optimistic now , so I think that it can be in this way .
If it 's true , it means that we are in the middle of the transformation .
And so , what I 'm asking , " I 'm still asking myself , is the new state of the world ?
What is the world 's new world where the world is going to be ?
Because the transition process is that it 's very predictable when we 're right in the middle of the process .
It 's in the way that we approach it .
And we know that it 's not a lot of sense of 30 , 50 years later , and everything is going to be very different from a very simple way , which we 're doing today today .
And therefore , I think this picture has significant implications if people are looking at it with a few times a few years .
But today , the oil drople didn 't really exist , as we talk about , because all of these are all the random recipes of chemistry .
It 's just a basic chemistry of life , but it 's interesting to get much more interesting when the drop of learning have been tricky .
In fact , every living organism has been its own DNA structure with the natural systems and the sequenced .
I don 't know if you know this , but the bacteria can actually share the DNA .
This proposition allows allows the communities to be able to form that in the form of microbes that they 're in common ; they work together .
And so they survived or death , and that means that , if a good community develops , all individuals in the community has increased their own more and more and more and more positive .
And so , very exciting is in a very good way of life .
And at the moment , we have multi-cellular organisms , the colony is differently different types of cells , working together as a single organism .
The skin cells that we 're not going to have any effect of lacking the presence of heart , cells , cellular cells , a lot of other cells .
The next process is in the colony .
These cells , again , started firing information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of the colony .
And they provide the benefits of evolutionaryization .
So a single body can be , for example , learn to be eaten for some kind of thing because it 's good for that , and that person can 't be upset in eating that kind of thing .
The system is that they form these special structures that are , that quickly accelerated the evolution .
Because the evolution of today , it 's possible to happen inside a single individual .
For example , the most complex version of us is to human language .
I 'm sitting here talking about a comic , hopeful people in a very difficult thought of thinking , and also a little bit of a mess and a little bit like my thoughts .
This allowed us to survive as a living organism .
The telephone , the computer , the video , the CDs and other things are the instruments that we 've created in society to create in information to work with information .
And they all connect us into a much larger and more common possibility that we evolved before .
This process is so on and it should be , I guess , the emotion is the word that 's the word -- the self-to-manging process is accelerated its change .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
Now I design computers for money , and I know that my device used to design computer can be used without using technology that 's not only technology in the computer industry .
So now , what I 've done is designing with complex complexity , design as if design is in traditional tradition .
I don 't know the implications of all the transconsors in the connected camera .
Instead , what I do is , what I 'm doing is that the design thing that are currently at the Media Arespair , which is that we think about the level of the refusion and then that extracted it into the machine
And in fact , sometimes they do this by the same ways that we don 't even know very well .
Another interesting method of what I 've been using is a self-development .
Or in other words , " The computer , you can put hundreds of millions of randomly .
In other words , I define what I want .
And let 's put them by the re-s replication of the same breeding breeding breeding . "
Take out the programs and they 're going to create product by exchange their own signature , and the product is literally the properties of the two rules of the program .
I can give some exchange exchange .
In the end of the process , I 'll have a program program which is perfectly perfect for the arrangement of the number .
In fact , they 're more effective programs that I could write .
They are very very , very beautiful programs .
It said , " This airplane has hundreds of active detail to work with you a flight . " Does it makes you feel you feel ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than we design equipment .
Because all of these technologies are self-development itself .
But I think there 's something that 's stuck .
And I think that all of us is part of the next generation of the next generation -- whatever is what it is .
This program called called Code for 201 , and this program is a bit like Peace Corision for the computer bumbum .
We chose a couple of every couple of candidates every year , they 're going to work with the city of the city .
In there , they 're going to write great apps , and working with staff staff .
How can it search for help in a situation like this ?
They were there in February of the snow .
They noticed that the city never ever missed the water-shaping water .
But a member is called Ekk Michaels , who noticed something else , and that 's how people are still in the world who 's going to come to the front of those things .
Every time you do , you have to name it , and he 's the first name of Albert .
This is a little application .
Perhaps the smallest of the U.S. and the last writes last year .
But it did something that no government does .
One of the guy in the Honoln 's office of the Honolulu knows that this is application and he realized that he can use it , not for snow , but to the people who have the right warning of the mental
The light that matters really , but they 're actually stealing from their energy .
Chicago applications software allows people to sign the shields to the dirt when they have snow .
There are nine now , the city has now planned this application .
Last year , we had a three-year-old team working in a long project two weeks and a half-and-half years in Boston .
The parents took the parents to find the case for the next thing .
People say to us that , like , normally , to build a piece of software that will take at least two years and two million dollars .
But the numbers are not .
There 's a project in the California system that has cost the two-dollar taxes for two dollars , but it works .
That means that the uncontrollens , it opens up and new kinds of things .
It 's a happy news , because we 're going to get more than the actions of the technology of the technology .
They didn 't get left .
Now there 's a lot of people who have faith in the government .
Like a lot of people , I think the government is just catching people to vote .
After two years , I pulled out specializations with local government , about the air-pressed ratels .
He 's called " The Enlighten " in the data of the data .
This is the result of the remarkable group of the city of the city in Boston .
But what happened with Citizens Officue .
Good night , the honeybody . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how technology is real life .
When people have this person , our communities got bigger .
If you call the center of the animal manager , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think that this is the input .
Now , how many times we elect a political leader -- and we spend a lot of energy to go to a political leader -- and then we sit down and we will hope that government will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but then not have
But the diver that helps us see what we have and we pay for something against against us , and then we do that we 're doing it .
Somebody thought that politics is compelling .
Because that 's where the government really works .
That 's what Occupy OSD is doing .
Have you ever seen these people ?
That 's not politics , but the system of systems .
We 'll get to do things we don 't have to do not redefit the political representing all of us ?
This is the voice of their voice to fight for the rights .
Their battle is not just the same thing that we 're not going to be a person who 's going to be a person ; they 're all going to have to do it .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can deal with a water treatment , and many people did .
But the same as the technology of the technology that we 're not just about consumers , and we 're not only the driver 's government , contributing the tax and receiving the services .
More than we are the citizens .
And we can 't be able to be government until we do good public service .
I have a question for all of you here : When there are important important to our shared , we all , we 're going to be a crowd of voice , or we 're going to be a group of arm ?
And I really think that 's the most important thing we 're not going to listen to the patient .
One of the things that we 've done at the University of Milebon is a responsibility to listen .
And we think that 's one of the main issues that we all -- -- not all -- but most of the media of the media fails , since we don 't listen to it .
It has a button button between the bottom of the bottom .
But another one else .
But that 's what it is the best thing that 's what it 's possible for this is called a physical pressure , the force of which used to help patients -- since the time it 's used for obesity , it can also be used
Make a lot of easy technology and start with them to create a comfortable feeling of patients in the group .
Another thing is that we know all the gas stations .
But where is the most recent chance to help this patient ?
And we 're going to describe this today that 's not just ALUU , which is called the ATUS .
Because , maybe , this is a photo that you can 't carry in camera .
It 's wonding with my passion for my own experience , but there 's a little bit different , because using a camera , it 's the process planned .
These images like this : working up the horizontane path .
But it 's a very unsolble point .
What makes you delusion ?
Sometimes it 's sometimes not to hallucinate .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it is .
Let me show you this example .
And I found that incorporates have been so similar .
That 's really a mixture of reality .
But combine it , they can create something like this .
So the first command is that the images that share common share of context .
Secondly , the combination of images that have a similar light .
And these two pictures are both satisfying -- the shooting is a high altitude and a kind of light .
So by using the color , the contrast and the light in the boundaries of the photographs , the more likely that we have the gaze of the gel of the field , the color of the field , the color of the screen , we eripped
But this picture is completely created by images from different parts .
I personally think it 's easier to even create more context than finding the context , because you 're not supposed to have to compose ideas in the head .
And this has this idea of the winter , I knew that I had to take a couple of months to prepare , to find different places for the parts of the image .
For example , the fish is caught in the trip .
There 's always a start starting with a sketch , a sense .
All right tools are right here , and the only thing that we 're going to do is limited to be limits .
Thank you .
It 's called the Gall Henge .
And just in a few years , the LOO LivesO has been in every single house .
LEO has taken a concrete , the cows of the world , and it makes it the bricks of imagination .
Transition is a plastic building that would give us from the world of the brink of the brink of the world , which is different things .
Like a concrete brick , transistor lets you build a lot of these circuits and more complicated , one-by-four brick .
I personally don 't accept this , that the bricks of the modern representatives were just for professionals , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Little JB : These electronics electrical systems with different functions .
You green blue with the green , you can make the circuitry .
And the caving rotates in the creation , like this , and now you have a blink of a blink .
And this is a little more hydrobeck bell , and you 've created a machine .
We gave them a little bit of babies and babies watch them with the bribes .
And that 's a great experience .
We also gave the WleBe to teach design .
So for example , we have designers that have completely known about the electronics that we started playing with the monkit , as creative tools .
And here you see , with the hollowers and paper and the water , the Hieie did .
A few weeks ago , we gave them a Wastetteche to RISD and give them a few designers that had no experience experience with the cover , wood and paper -- and tell them , " Let 's do something . "
If the copyright is giving up the same facts that they can be able to get who is the subject of these ideological ideology .
But today , in this year 2011 , if you bought a laser scan from the robot 's printer , and if you have a print paper of paper is the page that is that the paper is going on the top of the documents that you can print
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And the dynamic of this cybercriminals are very simple and straightforward .
They use cyberatt activities , to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of these examples of these are coming from the world of people who have gotten money from attacking .
Alfred Giezonz .
Bjornin 's .
Jain is hiding ; nobody knows where he was .
And I claim that the day we 're going to be victims of cybercriminals than the risk of the world .
And one obvious truth is that these are worse .
In the future , the majority of the laws that are going on the world .
The teams like Anonymous , which was in the last 12 months and became a force of gravity in the attacker .
So we have three main attacks : the criminals who make money in their money , and the same tricks of the game in the same way that the government is to be in the government , the government is attacking us .
There are a lot of situations like what happened in DravNot .
They had to release the last year last year , because their system was destroyed .
In the week , in a meeting with the U.S. government , I asked the question to a leader that he saw if it was a legitimentical way if there 's somebody who 's going to die for DigiN
Digi-Nottottar is a company service service service .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using a fractional website that 's the file-based service , and the Rolm is the service of the RNA .
All of us , or at least we 're using Gailm or a different appetry , and these are particularly popular in the authoritarian countries , Iran , where the authorities are available in countries in the state of the state , but
and create indication indicate .
And that 's exactly what happened with DraNNNDar .
In this material , it 's a note from a company that 's in the German have selling selling Egyptians so many tools to be able to listen to a large scale of tribes and the people 's empowerments .
This is the main driver of that company .
But Western government does it in the country alone .
For example , in a couple of weeks ago , people have discovered that Tojijuin , the one that was a Qajan that was used to be the German government used to investigate their people .
They listen to the Internet of the Internet .
They even use tools like this assemble as the Khanant Scirin to get into your computer , and from the other they can get all the information that you can change , there are all your conversations through your network , and you have your
So why am I worried about ?
But this argument is not rational .
Power is not a debate .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And we have a belief , a blind way to any future , which is the government that we can have for 50 years ?
