This story is not ending .
Let me tell you about some bits .
Let 's imagine the first section : a man who 's a very small man .
Let 's imagine , a partner to go on Santa Rescrination , the actual truth that his life had been .
Language , over the last year , you 're running to him , he 's going to turn him out .
She had never allowed me to his life .
My task is not to keep my life on my hope , and my lesson is , I mean , well , the history of our pasteuminated , we 've been obtained .
My mom , Mawa , her 18-year-old boy had her family , a marriage , two-th-old daughter , had two young girls .
So after four years , a more telescope , even more than the story , a sailed carcourcing a fish .
If we were caught , first of my kids and me , and her mother and she was drinking .
We 're in TFO , the outer region for the laborat of the laborat in the population of the immigrants .
One of the leaked is to reach for the fish , because it 's been to take for six years .
And the other commitment and the voice is , " I 'll go through the world . "
She 's open-source computer and learn a specialized and judge authority and open a different business .
We 're looking for aid and aid .
The centers are being isolated .
In the world , I 'm in my lump , tragic tragic , because violence , and violence .
And since that , when I was the last student last year , I was going to be the Australian Pants of the year .
I don 't know about the wine .
I told her mother couldn 't do it .
My mother 's mother is a mother when I 'm on the sail .
And as I realized that the only non-stra-bra-buma-borted , but new , come out of the presence -- and not only , but it 's a very good thing from the boat .
So I went to my spirit .
I collected a small team with us , " No , " is a very attractive task .
I 'm a big soup so that we 're all together .
It had a trip .
I 'm finished , let me tell you about my grandparents .
The life is that in the last decades .
In 17 years old , she became a second wife of his own , and her family had her beaten her beating .
I was in a hotel room in Souney State in her moment that there was 600 miles in the LH .
And half the nights and the next was came to the next day , and we were him to be able to get the money .
She told us her mother to her baby .
My mom asked her , " Why Mom and I 'm the world that I 'm soaped ? "
Now I 'd like to have a baby , and I 'm going to have to be intrigued by the boat .
I don 't know .
And so , her mother 's mother 's side here today in this fourth year or a year .
It 's a pleasure for me to be here and share with the people .
I had to experience a long time in prison , after the year and in jail for the first projection .
I 've been through a long time of living in the community of low-scome people to the terrible projects where I 've been desperate .
And I went to this and I listened to this , that was more powerful for me .
And I mention this because I think it 's really important , really important .
I 'm actually learning this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a family who had an incredible family , and I had a family who was married .
The parents are actually slave .
She was hard , but she was also a car .
When I was , when I was crying , she would come up and I would go back and hugged into her .
She hills me that I 'm okay to get her breath before she 's gotten me .
Or or two hours later , if I met her mother would go to me and say , " Han , I still feel like she huhering me ? "
And if I say " " No , " she 'll be " the " Me " and " and I said , " I 'm like , " I 'm like , " I 'm like , " I 'm like , " I
She 's a little girl that you 're going to want to be near .
My mom was the youngest in my house .
I think , I went and I was there , and I was so hard to get me care of me .
And I remember , I was about eight , nine years , I had a light , I woke up , and I 'd seen all the kids running around the room .
At first , I thought we were playing a game game .
And I 'll never forget about .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " I 'm okay . "
" The first thing she wants to be a woman is always loved love . "
" The second thing she wants to make you want to make it is always going to be the right things in the face of things . "
I said , " No , no , no , no . I 'm not going to drink a drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I 'm not feeling like , right , two , just keep walking . "
And so I didn 't say it 's worth of the world .
Not the point of me , I think I 'm right , that is morality ; I 'm going to talk about the power of human being .
We can make them to start doing things they don 't think they 're doing .
He was in a deadlyard of the time .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prisoned .
The United States has the highest annihilation of the world .
And there 's seven million people who are arrested by rejected by the end of appendages .
And three men who are black in the ages of 18 to 30 days , there 's a man who 's in jail , or constrained or charged .
Our legal system isn 't just about the same pattern by the way , not only distort of racism that distorted distributes .
And yet , we seem like this little bit of us .
The fear and the fear of the value has been told us that this is not the problem that we must be concerned .
But this brings me to care .
And there 's a great silence .
So many other tricks are still very small .
We have a very common-born inmates .
We 're actually doing a lot of kids .
And the only water is in the world .
I 'm going to show up for the prison for the prisoners .
But there 's another way to think about where we are in our own .
The other way of this is not that there 's no matter whether people who are not dead or not that if we have them to have a child ?
It 's incredible .
But somehow , we 're disconnect ourselves from this .
But for the African-Americans , in this country , it 's a terrible thing .
They were bombed for the bomb .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 're hard to talk about ethnic , I think that 's because we 're not ready to admit the truth and reconciliation .
I had some comments in Germany .
And so , because after my lecture , there 's a scholarship , and I 'm really hard to say what 's been mentioned . "
" In Germany , there 's no x-modality .
You would feel like if the world was in a world where the German had been invisibleed , the first time , that 's the Jewish .
I 'm not going to do it .
In our country , in the middle of villages , you still have to have a project that you can actually get the same trial that you 're victimal likely to have a three-fold-long toxic times if you 're victim than a black
And so , there 's a little stopping .
Public technology , creativity .
Yes . We have the wisdom for us .
They 're coming out of the ideas , and they 're on the heart of the heart disease .
Vaclavilus , a great great checklist .
It 's about the same thing .
And one time I went and asked them to speak after some of the voices , and I said to me , after Park , and I said , " Look , please tell me about the creditive justice of the solution .
So I started to give up the U.S.
When I say her , I 'm saying , " And she looked me and said , " Well , well . "
I 'm really saying that the TED community should be more brave .
We need to find ways to address the challenges , problems and problems that we 're out of the face of inequality .
Because for the last , we all live on every single planet on this planet .
I believe that 's true for everyone on this planet .
I think that if someone liars , they 're not alone .
And so , the people that we have had a fundamental set of rules .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and it 's all the world in the world , the discrimination is not rich .
And finally , I believe that although this is very exciting , very exciting and very provocative , but we 're finally , we 're not going to be judges , but we 're making our design , because intellect and ideas .
Because that 's the result of what we 're starting to see deep , we 're all looking at .
I sometimes sometimes I 'm balanced , I 'll end this with this story .
Sometimes I 'm trying to be too close .
And I 've been able to make a very heavy kids .
I went to my own prison , and I was a young child 13 , and the old and he was allowed to be a big part of the adult .
Why can 't matter a song that you 're not ?
In the morning , I woke up and I thought I had a dream of this crazy idea , and I wrote it ?
I thought this was going to be very hard .
It 's my ears .
It has a very close connection that is very much more about the human part of the human , I 'm about the ability to contribute to each other for the community , for the hopefulness .
And when I went , and I saw the authority , I saw it .
He always looked at the window , and he could hear all of the yells .
He jumped up to the gate of the ghostor .
Thank you very much .
So he heard , and he saw the TED Prize audience to help him on your street and do something that has been to do this .
For example , if you live in California , this will be a spring of the citizens of the citizens of the citizens , we 're trying to re-veergedce a part of the money that we 're using a pencil .
For example , Calcuti , we 're going to spend a million dollars for five million years for a year . Okay , a million dollars .
56 percent of the five-five products .
The incidents were locked up in the United States , the force of the United States has not been crimes .
And so , we have three people who fight people in the huts , because they 're stealing or a hiracy of the hurdle instead of the force they 're leaving them to do what they 're taking for the
I believe we need to do more things to help someone who is to blame for defending patients , not less likely to do fewer .
Byan , he actually had a very good judgment of everybody .
And so that idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll tell you three stories to fill out in time .
He 's been here in the 18535 , you know , pretty much .
So what 's happening here ?
The second story , still is to give up a concept of what 's called the fluidity of the hip .
I went to 1971 , this was the largest rectar in the West Africa .
I went to it because I had to go there in Europe and I wanted to be sure that this would be in Africa .
I even had to be able to get involved in life .
This is my first wave of my first exploration .
It 's been around by the palm of you can see , some of the mangves .
There 's a whole black-lived in black in a space of a fish called the black fish , and that 's a little black-gotective black-great-giverg .
The fishing industry is that they 're not black-addressed black and they actually have a really good age of a lot of income to the average age in Ghana .
They 're going to be the old age of the adult in high-speed .
So nothing changes everything else , but it 's transformed .
In the 1970s -- it 's not , starting from the 1960s -- European countries , a lot of developing projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , called Mutiness .
What we 've been , we 're not going to find it for it .
The key thing is that the bottom of the bottom of the seafrovens are dragged on the boat that 's been disposed .
These pictures are really smart for this transition , so fast .
Within a year , you do a survey in a commercial fishing commercial fishing .
These are like these people who are not passive , they 're dead thrown out of dead .
We turn the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you 're this very powerful , this is something that 's like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from the ladder here , and the number of the whales are the length of the forest of water , water supplies .
Each generation will use these images that they get from the first of your life 's , and that 's going to be going to be that will go and get away from the point .
And that , with greater degree , we 're going to do today .
You 're just taking you very high-income animals .
They become more scarce than we 're interrupted them .
Because they didn 't know before it was different .
In fact , many people , and scientists will argue that it 's very different .
For example , the story that tells some people who told about the Forerince , so many of these types of fish in the region was not going to be used to be so many of these fish in the region that couldn 't eat or
Because with the sea areas are protected , we are actually reinventing the past .
I think that the art and the can do it , and the simulation .
You 'll probably be able to notice the color and sound like a film . "
If you think about Avagina , if you think about how it 's humanizing -- not to notice how to get Petah 's -- what is the media to the icon .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many people do you choose in one day ?
I recently , I 've been looking at the 2,000 Americans , and the average number of the choices that the typical Panel has been done about about 70 years in a day .
There 's been a survey that 's been completed with CEOs that we 've been CEOs during a week .
And scientists have brought all the different kinds of tasks that they have in the CEOs and they have spent many times to do those decisions together .
Of course , every single task is to be many small choices .
Now , think about your own choices .
If I don 't , if I ask , and if you pay your mind , you 're happy .
This is a series of their sibrancycle .
We opened up a little hatch to check into the store .
Many people have been left , about 60 percent when we 've offered a 24-hour drop , and when we 're only six , 40 percent , only only 40 percent .
And then we noticed in a case where people like a car .
Now we see the effect .
Of some of us who have when we 've offered 24 , they have three percent of them , they have three percent of them , they 're buying a bottle of chips .
And in some ways of people who stopped when we were only six , ahall , when we found that we were lucky to 30 percent of them , buy a bottle of car .
Now , a little six-way task that six times the people who wanted a car that when they see six when they 're developing .
This topic is going to keep on with : Striving financial services .
And what we see is that the donor energy stocks are available to account for data , and the data costs , which affects the ability to save more than the day .
So if you look at the other challenges of the ones that funding for you two years ago , the ones that funded the two-focused in the middle of the 70s , as we didn 't like high school .
Now that 's not that those who 's not that those are not choices that anyone in us , when we 're telling people when you check them .
So what I 'm going to recommend you today is that the simple technical engineering that we 've been able to test tests in many ways of seeing that many ways that you can apply your business in your business .
Everybody always always been always saying , when I say , " Give me down . "
When & amp ; & amp ; Gilligue knockouts from 263 savannah and Shere 15 , 15 %.K. 15-dollar show , that they 're promising about the business population to 10 percent .
When the guerrillas Crimage -- the only half of the product of the CNU they noticed that they increase in the profit , eight percent of the cost of the profile and the cost of cuts .
You know , the average grocery stores of today , you know , you know , you know , 45 percent of the products .
People say , " I don 't know how to cut . "
This is the human description .
And I think you should read it .
All right .
So I had to Showomo Holzi and Alessa Rroroirochippirocass , and we 've been a song for people in my interview : Carrandrochippi , and
And during this stage , we keep the length of this before , but it 's just a small thing .
We can solve more problems that we solve problems .
It 's just produced that the Watsman Wasts and down the hallway of the year , anywhere else from 3314 different types of Friday .
Now , these two different kinds of women .
If you think the left on the left is a Swiss and the next sentence , Jazzium , you 're clapping , clicking your clues .
Okay , there 's some people .
And if you think the left is the Jazzler and the right man is a playground , and you 'll take you out .
Well , a little bit more .
This is a very very high order .
We have to get more complex .
You 're more than 60 percent of different decisions , to make your mind for your car .
The color , color , I have a complete answer .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the replacements that are going to exist .
If you 're pressing button , and you make a decision that you 're feeling too much , and that means that you lose .
With the source of information , the same principles of choice .
The only thing I finished , I 've changed the whole thing that I 've changed in the audience that are being there .
If I started with you , I had to start with choice .
It also gave me this excitement of this big , which I 'm so excited about it , so I 'm very excited to motivate and I 'm busy .
Let me be to me .
I 'm going to focus on a number of people that I hope you 've heard .
It 's only a few-figowing .
One hundred times , it 's three times .
By the way , it 's a 10-year-old nickho-cisioned house .
Well , this is not okay , right ?
But , you know , okay ?
And maybe 25 numbers .
Think of the heart of your cardiac surgeon , a medical doctor , or a surgeon , or a doctor , a medical doctor , a medical doctor ?
I 'm a very born student .
I learned in my little little little little girl in the neighborhood in the hospital in Toronto , and it 's not very clear .
I 'm learning the surrendering class and start with each of the engines , each branch of the arteries of the arteries of the arteries of the arteries of the arteries of the intensive
And during the process , I 've collected more knowledge and more knowledge .
And my job when I was working on my heart attack , and to study the patient .
And I met her Danny Bucker , she was very hard .
This condition is that when my heart attack doesn 't normally normally normally normally work , and instead of putting blood pressure , a few blood pressure , and then blood damage , and so patients can 't breathing .
And that 's when I first mistake first mistake ; I gave her the Children .
I gave her the hospital , not for the doctor .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I was confident to me that I asked my medical assistance in Hargucker , " Do you think she 's okay ? "
And she said , " And I thought , " Oh , I thought she was okay . "
So I signed up the library , and I was putting the book , and I went to the doctor , I 'd bring her homework .
I went through the room on the street .
Those three words are : Do you remember ?
She went back and close to death .
About a while after she home after after home , after I gave her home home , she went and her dedication call and everyone brought her back to the emergency room and her mother was 50 , in the shock of the shock .
And the teacher needs to do it .
They put her in the kitchen .
And I was shocked and shrimpled to the bones .
And I like to sit on the trainer , because after she falls into a certain state , she 's got into a special car , she 's got into a carpetent , and I 'm hoping that 's her hope .
You know that the shame you 're very secret to when you 're going to leave you secret to you , and you 're certain of you to get your secret that you 're probably best , and you 're your best friend and two
This kind of embarrassed is a person .
And I asked myself .
Why don 't I mean for the doctor ? Why do you get home ?
Two years later I was a very high school in the U.S. Toronto , and I 'm a little--t-traged-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-one
And so , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , I was a storoughly .
He 's just hitting it .
I 'm watching my thus thy , it 's a rosy rope .
And two days later , I went to work directly , and that 's my own personalized request .
" Do you remember the patient ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and recover the few days .
But every time , they were clitoris , and I 'm kind of a gymna .
That 's the system we have .
I 'm like I 'd been in the last 20 years I 've been writing and doing it for medical equipment , I 've been studying myself and wrong for medical schools to learn everything , from one of the first ones I read poems
And what I learned was that the wrong thing was wrong .
We 're working in a system that has been operating out of every day , in a 10-year period , there 's a single dose or a misunderstood option , or so that is a misreal , and the misreal
In both cases , this is actually low-respecting that 's really low-to-fits-f-great-fits-f-great-fits-fits-fits-fits , because actually
The absence of sleep is common .
We have the decisions that are based on the experience , and I think , I have a chance of patients who have patients in patients .
For those things , mistaken is inevitable .
So , if you deal with the system , as I 'm told , and remove all of the medical worker , I 'll do it .
And you know who don 't want to talk about their most cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The physician , the same concept , the human son , a child who was just a person , accepting it , not pride that , but trying to learn something from what happened to her , she was able to teach someone else .
She 's very unusual for others to talk about their own mistake .
And you 're just wrong with someone else , not like " Ailt " and a venture capital , so that people can better .
Anyone you can 't get the popular Internet on the planet next week .
But there 's over 48 hours of video video on YouTube .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my gods , oh my god . Oh god .
Oh my god !
Wooo !
Ohhhhwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww !
This is posted up in January of January .
It 's actually a friend Jimmy Kimmel .
Friday , Friday . The next sixth of the six people who are expecting at the last week , at the Friday , Friday , the sixth , the sixth , the sixth , the sixth , the sixth , the sixth
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is a graph of that .
Well , Toshoshop had a few , and a lot of online page started writing about it .
Michael Jambon was from a secret to the secret theater that was one of the first story of video on Twitter social networks .
The result is now more than 10,000 tribes are now called YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody has created a very old version .
Because we don 't just enjoy it , we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these things aren 't the media that 's not before , but as much as it 's like that media don 't mean , but they 're going to make decisions about the future of the future .
And my new brand company was trying to enter the environment by paying attention to ...
Let 's notice the public from the community .
I 'm a little bit . Let 's take a little bit .
All right .
Well , what do I do ?
All right . Thank you very much .
My story started to be here , in Rajanth of the two years ago .
We 're talking about the story that doesn 't change the time using the Nabhabhata .
We now do that by the nurses and machine .
The conclusion we 've learned is that 's magic that 's replaced by the machine .
They 're going to be creative inspiration .
I 've been 160 books from 16 years old .
The story is becoming more and more .
And in fact , I turned into one of the characters in the book .
The idea of fireflyflies , in fact , it 's been very interesting to me .
Another idea of my granddaughter is when I think she 's a big thing that is a big thing that can be in a single lest .
We all heard about the babies , we 've got hearing about the women , but who are not in India , but in the India who 's Indian version of these India , and they 're on the land ?
So , this is about this childhood , you know , and in a mind , take a picture of a flower and tagrish .
Other other , you have to take a picture of a piece of column and a column .
And what happens is you 're going to create a collection digital collection that you can online .
In the ability to connect with the color , the Earth and the technology , and so much more possibilities .
And then if you can turn this page this report .
The answer is , if I do it on a curley , a little thing , can say , it 's a kind of time , and this is a very much of the technology I 'm trying to show , I 'm going to see
Now if I plot graphs , for example , technology , technology can be a technology , and it 's a technology , it 's a very nice , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in the history of developing technology , autonomy 's revolutionary improvement .
That 's all of us can possibly happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it 's possible to go in this way .
If it 's true , it means that we 're in the middle of the transition .
And so , what I 'm going to ask , what I 'm asking myself , is the state of the world that is , what is the state of the world ?
What 's the new state of the world ?
Because it 's very hard to predict when we 're right in the middle of the process .
It 's in the way we go forward .
And we know that it 's not really meaning that when it comes back , 30 years later , when everything is going to be very different , that 's all going to be a very simple thing that we 're going to do today is meaningful
And so , so I thought this picture has a sense of it if people look at it , and a few billion years ago .
But today , these natural oil doesn 't exist , as we say today , because of all of them are all of the evolution of chemical goods .
It 's only a chemical form of organic life , but it 's more interesting when the drops are learning to extract .
In fact , every single species of DNA is actually built the archive structure of the same root and the whole-clopry completely .
I don 't know if you know , but the bacteria can actually change .
The genetic composition allows to micro-organisms that are able to form that there 's comprised of these sorts of conditions , they 're cooperative .
And so they 're alive , or they 're dead , they 're also , if a community is healthy , all the individuals in the community , self-fire and organisms are positive .
And so , this process is very interesting in the last generation of life , one of the next billion years .
And at the moment , we have multi-organizing , and we have different types of cells , working together as a unique function .
The skin cells have no effects that if you 're in the immune system , cells , cells , cells and other cells .
The process is going to happen in these forms .
These people are again , start to get a new information .
And that 's the brain .
And they bring the evolutionary cost of evolutionary evolutionary .
So a single body can live , an example , learn something that no matter how much it 's a certain type of kindergart because it 's so good that it 's not so good and that it 's okay when it 's
The neural system , the fact that they 're making these extraordinary structures that have evolved to evolve .
Because it 's evolution that we can happen inside of a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we 're known as human language .
I 'm sitting here who 's sitting in the mind-born , which is supposed to create a mind-born and aspirational thinking and have a little bit of same kinds of thinking like my thoughts .
This allows us to start to survive in a living organism .
Teches , computers , video and printed CD and other things are incredibly specialized devices that we create social work to work with information .
And they 're all connected to a greater community faster than we 're capable of far more than we 've been here .
This process is so much self-taking and becoming , I guess , in the case that 's actually a appropriate word -- when it 's a little self-tapse .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here in this explosion of this curve .
Now I designed computer chips to make money , and I know that I 'm used to design computer design can 't use it if there 's no technologies available in the computer .
So now , what I do is to make a design-up-bra-deome design that 's like if design design systems .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the machine .
Instead , what I do is what 's done as athletic machinery now in the Impitial Sitomitial Declices that 's been on the news of the filters and allowing us to think that the
And in fact , sometimes they do it , and we don 't even understand it .
And the interesting method that I 'm going on is that we 're using a lot of self-lived evolutionary .
Or other words , " computer , you can put hundreds of millions of randomly randomly chosen randomly .
In other words , I 'm exactly what I want .
And let 's make them illegal to process like a reproductive process . "
Let 's take two sets of programs and they will create products by applying their own sub-ending , and the product that 's been the most important part of the process .
Maybe it 's a couple of variation .
So , I 'll be a programmal program that 's going to be numbers .
In fact , they 're more program-speed programs than I could write my hand .
They 're very brilliant and weird ones .
It says , " This drone has hundreds of thousands of internalized vehicles that you can 't have to be safe , " It 's not so you can see ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than design-based design .
Because all of this technology has pushed itself into developing .
But I think there 's something that we 're taking us .
And I think we all have this part of the next generation -- that 's what 's the one-to-one-brace .
This program is called Code for America , and this is rather like the next stage Olympics of the computer .
We 've got a choice to pick up a few hours a year , they 're going to work with the government .
They were writing , they 'd write a great appointment , working with the staff of work .
How do it search for help help with a condition ?
They 're there in the two years of the snow .
They noticed that they were never disgusted firefights .
But one thing called ariker named Tripletact , and it 's the people that still worered out before it .
Every time for you , you have to put it up , and he first first names first .
This is a small application .
Maybe the smallest of the 21sticks and the last couple of years .
But it did not work in a government .
A guy in the U.S. office City Huperuli knows this and he realized that he could use it , not necessarily , but to the people who get the hidden warnings .
These light bulbs are very important , but they have a stealing of calories .
Chicago applying software for letting people to resist the sunscreen when the sun is a snow .
There 's nine days now , on this plan , using this application .
Last year , we had a team of two partners working in a project in two months and Boston .
The parents help parents make the case for the children .
Some people say , okay , to build a software that takes two years of two years and two million dollars .
But the numbers are not .
Now there 's a project in the California system that has spent two billion dollars , and yet not working yet .
That means that it means to control , and it 's always opening up and reproduce new things .
It 's a fun pleasure , because we 're going to have more than we are with the help of the electronic power .
They 're not yet dropping out .
Now , there 's a lot of people who lost the news in the government .
As many people , I think the government is basically the people who 've been walking on elections .
After two years , I 've learned a very special conclusion of local , cultural and Duminum .
He 's " he 's called " The " neuron " is into the major knowledge .
This is the result of the people who go in the UChio in the city in Boston .
But the thing happened , Cizensensovo .
Yes , sleep , Dumorumin love . "
Pretty simple .
This is really exciting . This is the technology that 's going to be alive .
As people helped us , our communities become stronger .
If we call the management center , that would pay more money .
Most people understand that , but they thought they were thinking about this .
How do it look at how much more time we vote a political and -- we 're often spending a lot of energy to go to a political party -- and then we sit back and hope that our government will respond to our satisfaction , satisfying
But the contempt of the contempt that it helps us see us , and we pay for us to get us to ourselves and we pay us to our commons and then we do ourselves .
Somebody is that intensive attractive .
Because that 's where the actual jobs of the government is .
This is what OSGythegs .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not the politics , but the administration system is about .
We 're going to get the things we need to do to do that we don 't regain the government for us ?
This is the generation of our generation to compete for the right .
Their war isn 't like we 're not going to do people ; they 're all going to do it .
They use their hands .
We can do that by the firefrogener , and so many people did that .
But the applications like the technology that reminds us that we 're not just consumer users , and we 're not only the government spending , taxes and services .
More than we are the citizens .
And we can 't settle government until we do so well .
I 've got a question for all you : What dos our need to get our hands , when you 're important to get our hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowdst , we 're going to be
And I really think that most important is that we 're not even more listen to the patient .
One of the things that we do in Ritzmoud is an extraordinary task to listen .
And we thought that this is one of the main problems that all of all of the problems that all -- -- probably not all -- but most of the medical problems fails , or even when we 're not listening anymore .
It has a button to the next place .
But another thing else .
But it 's the only thing that 's the only thing that 's going to happen , because this is called the pressure , the incentives that has patient patients can tell patients -- even when it 's used to obesity , it can also use
It 's easy to use technology and start to get them to feel the right demands in the group .
Another thing is that we know all the current stations .
But where there 's the most prolettent to anyone else ?
And today we 're going to do this today , not just a half4 that this call is called , but it 's called a CED4 .
So maybe , this is a picture that you can 't have the machine .
It 's woven with my passion for my own mind , but there 's a little different , because of the camera , because of the camera , the process of planning .
These pictures like this : Building the vertical road .
But it 's a very pointless of the point of a very interesting point .
What should we make a hallucination ?
Sometimes the fantasy works .
It 's not really what it is , is what it is actually .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that the result of the picture is also a common process .
It 's actually just a really different experiment of different cooperation .
But the contract they can create this thing like this .
So the first principles is that it 's the result of the images that have a common background .
Second , the result of the images that have a light .
And two-quarters accompanied pictures -- we 're at the same level and in a light .
So by the interconnect , the light reflection and light in the boundaries of different boundaries , the same kinds of things that we erolen the lines between the different and illal , and we erase the lines between the different and illal
But this picture is created by images from different parts .
I personally think that it 's easier to even more than even more than the police is to look at the context , because you 're not supposed to be the top idea of the idea anymore .
And this was thought of the winter of the winter , I knew I had to take a few months to prepare , to find different points for the parts of the photos .
For example , the fish is caught up .
There 's always a start with a pipeline , a idea .
The tools here 't it , and the only thing is our limitations is the imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called Forta-mirren .
And just in a few years , the LOLEs had been the same locations .
LEO was taken concrete , the walls of the building block , and it became the bricks of the imagination .
Transparency is a very high-fuced pattern of plastic that will let us from the world of the world 's continotss to each other things that are very different .
It 's like bricko , transistor lets you create the circuit , and more sophisticated , brushed one .
I personally , that , the brickers , build the building brigers , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how it works .
LittleBB is a different electrical-gomcking electrical devices .
You 're green blue , you can do the circuits .
And the quadriast is , in this , you 've got a flash of flashbulbow .
This little more ringing of this , and you 've created a machine that works .
We gave them a little girl for a littleBB , and they were able to get them to play with a little bit of PittleB .
And it 's a fantastic experience .
We also brought ourselves to the U.B. , we teach the Designers .
For example , we have the designers who are completely curious about the power of the starting to play with a period of UNLcue .
And so you can see , with the fabric , and the water , and the Bernie did .
A couple of weeks ago we gave the SuperBCO , and then we met with some of the design of the trial with the log and the cover and paper -- and tell them to do that " to do something . "
If the government of the West continues to dictate these resources are not the right thing they can possibly do to be dependent on the basis of these " ideologicalvity .
But today , in this moment in 2011 , if you have a car-D printer from any of the printer that you have to have a page of paper that paper that you 've had a printed car that 's the yellow dots on the page
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this is the dynamics of this kind of cybercrimination , so simple and understandable .
They use the pollute online to make money , lots of money .
Some of the examples of the millions of people from the world who are receiving the money from the Industrial Revolution .
Alfesome is a wonderful professor of OMonz .
Bjorn Cininin .
Jain is escaping ; and nobody knows where he 's been .
And I confession that today that we 've become the victims of the cybercriminals in the real world .
And the truth is obviously , these are more dancers are becoming worse .
In the future far , far , the vast majority of the crime will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous has been up in the last 12 decades , and they 've become a very important force in this game .
So we have three categories of managers : the guards of the control of the financial sector , and hacking government , and hacking government is our government , our government is attacking us .
There 's a lot of cases where there 's been in the Higma of BNN .
They had to pay for the last seasonal last year because their Net had destroyed .
So in the week , in a meeting with the Netherlands , I had to ask for a question for their own material that he could see that if they had died , because of the Bigma BNN and a attacker .
Digital Public , a real-in-filled company .
In fact , you need a real fact that if you have a website where you 're a website that used to wirelessly degtain with a SMSLAPA , which is a service that Gailmails use .
All of us , or at least , we 're using the most part of the email or we 're using Gmail or an applicable , application of popular services in nations like the Iranians , where the official community would be used to
And create a lot of risk .
And that 's exactly what happened to Digma 's initiative .
In this document that the words are from a company that has been sold from the company that has been sold from the company that has been sold in Egyptians so much more advanced to predictably , in a large scale of all the social and the human
This is the primary government of the company .
But the West is doing the right thing in the country .
For example , in a few weeks ago , people had discovered Tojan Palin , a German that was used to their citizens 's rights .
They 're listening to your Internet .
They even use tools like Tiju Scue Scuinst to get your computer , and so they can get everything that you can do , you 're all over your conversation , your phone has your passwords .
So why do I worry about ?
But this argument is not rational .
Pracy needs no debate .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And we have a trust , a blind way to implement the future , and the government we can have 50 years ?
