This story is not yet .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
So the first one : a man burned my life .
Imagine you , a radical legacy of Sty Gla , the real truth that he had been fought .
Language , every year , you 're faced with him , now he 's going to turn him out .
She never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to come through my hopeless , and my lesson is to realize , well , the history has tried us to force us , but we 've got the impact .
My mother , Hawai , 18 years old , three years old -- she took family , a very common marriage , has had two young girls .
So after four years , a more unknown-wide versionion , a little hubic tiger , the tiger , the tiger , the metal boat .
If we were arrested , first of my kids and me , and she was going to drink .
We settled in the Falls , the area of the region , the area of the country , the majority of the population is the number of people who live in the population .
A long-term landfits to the fish , because it 's going to take for six years .
And he 's always reused and a voice that says , " I 'm going to walk through all of you . "
Open the computer enables the computer and learning and special and professional opportunity .
We looked for support and funding .
The central ones are set up .
In the world , I have stuck in the ribles , which is hurt , because of traumatic , aggressive , and I 'm married .
And because it was , because I was the last five worker , I was elected , the Australian Australian year .
I don 't know about talking about wine .
I said I was not to do .
I was that I was in my parents as we were on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigners were toofter , new , come up to the faces -- and it was not just , but what was a really gratitude , that 's a gift of a boat .
So I went to my own .
I collected a little team with us , " No , " No , " No , " No , " No , " No , not a negotiation .
Every day , I did a big candle that we feed .
And then there was a trip .
I was , I was told my friend of my grandmother .
Life is that in the last century .
Thurs 17 years old , she became his two-sea-lawed , he was , she was beaten her .
I was in a hotel room in Skney in her lifetime , she was 600 miles away , in Melbourne .
Half the night , a friend came and told us was he had to do it .
She told me how her grandmother was .
My mother asked , " Why my parents replored that too cool ? "
Now I want to have my kids , and I wondered about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yes , my mother 's mother today is in the fourth row or a year .
It 's really good for me to be here and share with people with all .
I had to go through the long time , after the stad and I was in jail for the people to get the timber .
I also spent a long time in the community of low-fashioned projects and projects that are deeply linked .
And I came here I was encouraged and then I listened to this , which was offered me a lot of force for me .
And I mention this because I think it 's really important .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional family and traditional television and my grandmother and my family and my family .
Three parents are actually a slave .
She was hard , but he was always .
When I was a kid , every woman I saw her grandmother would come and I was in my side .
She hugged me so I was so excited to her , and then she left me away .
One or two hours later , if I 've gone up her , and she 's going to go and say , " No , " Cany , you feel like you hug ? "
And if I say " no " , " I 'm going to be " attacking " and I 'm saying , " No , " I 'm going to leave me .
She 's a kind of a way that you 're always going to be near .
My mother was the rightest in my home .
And I was , and I was in her side , and it was hard to my grandmother .
And I remember , I was about 8 , nine , and that was a bright morning , I wake up , and I was all of you and sisters , and they were all of you running around the room .
I was able to imagine that playing with a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget my grandmother .
I said , " I 'm " asking me . "
" The first thing that she wants to have an enclosure is that I love to have your mother to be your mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promised is that always would have done the right thing to do .
I said , " No , no , no . I 'm not going to take a drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that is true . Those two people go , and keep it . "
It 's worthless of me .
I 'm not saying because I think I am right , is morality ; I mean , the power of human human .
We can make them start to do things they don 't think they do it .
He was in jail for the Tower and cooking .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were jailed .
The United States has now the highest highest prison in the world .
And there are seven million people who are being transported or educated .
Three men black blacks in the ages of 18 to 30 , there was a person in jail , being managed or managed .
Our laws of not-fashioned rules is not only by the way , not only the American military distinction but also distorted by the poor .
Even though , we seem to be uncomfortable about this .
The fear of fear and political and has political , that makes us believe that this is not the problem that we have to be .
But that 's what I think is .
And there was a tremendous silence .
So there are many different ones that are very small .
We have a very small prisoner of childhood .
We actually are actually doing the dimbery of these children .
And the only one in the world do this .
I 'm going to be on the basis for the prisons .
But there 's another way we think in our way .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether whether not have a dead or whether or we have a kill or whether it 's not whether we 're going to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we get ourselves from ourselves .
But for African in Africa , it was a terrible era .
They were afraid of bomb bomb .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been so hard to talk about the genocide , and I 'm convinced , because we are not willing to acknowledge and bendered and reason .
I had some talks in Germany in Germany .
It 's amazing because I 'm a saying that 's my favorite , and I said , " It 's really hard to listen to what you 're talking about . "
" In German . There 's no pattern of Defense .
How would you feel if you live in a world where Germany did the best object , especially as it was the Jews .
I can 't ignore .
In our country , in the long-term state-old American state , we 're still quite likely to do this , you can have the capacity to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And so , there is a way to be .
technology , love to create .
Yeah . We have rational , we devoted to wisdom .
They 're from ideas to come from the heart of the heart of the heart .
Vaclava , a great host of Snow , talks about this .
So what 's going to happen .
And once I got to hear and speak they said , after a few hours , she called Parks coming to and say , " Come , Bami , I 'll tell you about the value of the value of legislation .
So I started to say .
When I say my best , she looked at me and said , " Well , uh , uhh . "
I really think that the TED community needs to be brave .
We need to find ways to address with challenges , problems and all of the sudden that inequality is .
Because we all depends on every single person on this planet .
I believe it 's true to everybody on the planet .
I think if someone said , if they were lying , they weren 't just a lie .
And so , the man who have basic basic value must be the law of protective .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , that 's also many places in the world , the sadness of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that although it is really amazing , wonderful , exciting , very exciting , and we 're finally not going to be judged by technology , because we are in design , by intellectual and ideas .
Because that 's the consequence of what we start with a profound insight about who we are .
Occasionally , when I lost , I 'm going to end with this story .
Occasionally , I guess it 's too .
And I 've made the young people with a very severely .
I went to prison my topic , that was the only 13 , 14 and he was allowed to stay ahead of a big as a big .
Why is a judge can turn you into a friend you ?
I got up and I thought , I was dreamed about a crazy kind of crazy or I was really writing it ?
I think it 's going to be challenging .
whisp whisp on my ear .
It has a connection with a very deep sense of people in the same way of people in the same way , but the ability to contribute to each other , for the desperate desperately .
And when I walked into the judge , I saw my head to see me .
He was looking at the window , and he would hear all of the shrimpressing .
He dried it up to the guard .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the wish to give the audience , the community to help him on your own and do something about this .
For example , if you live in California , this summer , there 's going to be a sphere of a sphere , and we 're trying to force a target , and we 're trying to force a target of a piece of money on the
So at least in Cali We 're spending a million dollars for the five-year-old software , and we 're spending a million dollars for the five-year-old project , and it 's a million dollars .
Fifty percent of the pacfiracy .
The incidentship in the United States are growing and not a crime .
And so , we have three battleships that we were in common , because they were taking a bike , or stealing their property weight , because they gave them what they were for the owners of property .
I believe we need to do more work to help people to be being committed by being committed to crime , not to do less .
Brh , you really have been really committed to everybody 's psychology .
And so that idea that can be explained in the minute . I 'm going to tell you three stories ahead to fill in the rest of the time .
He was here in the 1835 figures as you know quite well .
So what 's happening here ?
Second story , is to give another one of the other hand that 's called the transformation of the hip .
I was there in 1971 , the World Travel in Africa .
I was there because I was going to work in Europe and explained that would be done in Africa .
Even though I was able to fit in life .
This is my first surf-show .
And it was surrounded by the palm you can see , a couple of them .
There are an individual equivalent about 20 inches , a single species with a name of a black-growing .
The whiming of these whimpale demoves are stabilized the number of fish , and they actually have a little bit of their good ratings than they are spending in the middle of the average of Ghana in Ghana .
They are to reach the age of five centrometers .
So nothing changed , but everything changed .
in the ' 70s -- well , started , since I 've been born in the ' 70s -- Europe has a lot of development projects .
And the boat here is quite bad , called the Mumbia .
So what we 've got , we haven 't found a word for it .
The main thing is that the ocean bottom is that dragged back to the backside back .
These pictures are so cute to this because of this transformation , and it 's too quick .
In a single year , you do a survey after a commercial fishing commercial .
These species they are not consumed , they 're thrown away because they died .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from the top of the bio-materials , the number of individual whales , the police represent the forest of the country , the water supply .
So the generation is going to use the images they have from the mind of the entire life as a standard and going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be there .
And that , with a broad degree of view , what we do is .
You only lose those rare animals .
They become more scarce than we were trying to do them .
Because they didn 't know before it 's different .
In fact , lots of people , and scientists are going to argue that it 's really different .
For example , the story that some people told about the U.N. , which is a lot of fish in this area that cannot feed or not often by the biologists who are fish because they didn 't have any kind of science .
Because the ocean seals are like that we are actually re-wroducing the past .
I think art and the film can be enlightenable , and the simulation .
You 're probably going to notice the color and the rhythm-like " is A " No . "
If you think about " A Aquata " if you think about how it works how to do the story of Popah 's story in the world -- why is that by the way of being so impressed by the icon .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices you have a day ?
Recently , I 've asked to over over 2,000 Americans and the average of the world of the classical language that 's doing about 70 70 times a day .
There was a survey that was done with the CEOs that we were typing for a CEO for a week .
And scientists have all been different , but those CEOs are involved and they spend a lot of time to do the decisions that are going to take on the mission of those things .
Of course , every single-term mission is a lot of options .
Now , think about your own choices .
If I was , if I asked , and if you answer yes , you do your hands .
So , there are their passions .
We opened a little bit like a little bit closer to door to door .
Many of them have stopped , about 60 percent when we give it 24 , and when you only have six , there are only 40 percent .
And then we got in the case where people liked to buy a bottle of a bottle .
Now we see the effect back .
In the number of people stopped when we showed 24 , there are only three percent of them bought a bottle .
And in the number of people stopped when there are only six , wip , when we see that 30 percent of the buyer was a bottle .
Now , trying to do a little bit more than six times more than the number of people want to buy a bottle of wine when they see sixths .
Today 's going to continue to : [ Finance finance .
And what we found is that the number of resources available in retirement planning rates of 40 40 million years , affect the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look at the more and the planning that you give you two sources of money , and you 're going to stay in the middle of the 70s , not just as high as we have .
Now not the fact that those kinds of stuff that are not choosing that we can give people when you consider financial access to them .
So what I want to suggest you today is four simple engineering techniques that we 've tested in many ways of surveill , and you can apply your easily in your business .
People always always confused when I say , " cut . "
When Proctor Wansescope is the equivalent of 26 words Heas ; Shareers from 15 , they found the revenue increase in sales and sold to 10 percent .
When the Goldil Capad is the 10 Commission of the product selling product that they have found their rising in eight percent of a cost of a commercial production and a cost of waste costs .
You know , the average of the grocery store today are showing you for 45,000 products .
People say , " I don 't know how to cut . "
This is what I think .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So I 've done this morning couch Benzarti and Alessorne Cathrohire , and we did a whole bunch of people in the IT who I have done that I 'm here , and now those people
And during this phase we 've got to capture the stage before , but just one small thing .
We can solve much more than we do things that we are choosing .
It turns out that the CAman 's family and on the lobby of the border , every single-time border , every single place from 331 different kinds of New York to the 664 .
Now , these are different types of different kinds of different kinds of different .
If you think the left on the left is the one and the right on the right is , " Reach , you 're clapping .
Good , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is the band and you have to be a good job invite you to clap .
Good , a little bit more .
This is a very unpangement .
We have to get complexity .
You have more than 60 different decision making , you can put your car on your car .
The color , color , I have the Freeze of the options .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the amount of that I think that 's going to be in the world .
If you press the button , " default " for every decision that you 're being too many , you know , that means you 're losing me .
With the same sources , the same amount of options .
The only thing I was accomplished is I was able to change the amount of information that was present in that .
So if I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me this fascinating about the massive-fense of the heat that I put in it so I 'm really excited to be and I 'm busy .
Let me share .
I 'm going to focus on a number of subjects that I 've been talking to you .
That 's just a number of kit .
10 times , that 's three times .
It was a body that was going to be 10 times a globalized player .
Now , it 's not wrong , right ?
But , but , you know ?
And there are only 25s .
You think the data is going to an excuse cardiac , a nurse or the surgeon , or a doctor , who is a doctor ?
I was a student born obsessed .
I learned in my little grip , and I was in my team in the cafes of Torontoys in the Torontoys , Torreans , not far away .
I learned in the window of the window of the window of the brain , and the engine of every single-fashioned , every branch of the circuitry , the engineered the engine , from the very intensive and metrance ,
And during the course , I 've got more knowledge than the knowledge .
And my job as the research staff asked to the heart , to the clinic of the emergency room .
And I met Herjucker , I was very difficult .
This situation happens when the hearts is not normal , and instead of blood blood flow , a little bit of blood flowing into the lung , and then blood bloody is so much as the patient 's breathing .
And that was the first time I was first ; I gave her the hospital .
I gave her the hospital without a foreman for the doctor .
I think I have the right reason .
In fact , I had my belief so I asked my nurses to take care of Dr.uckucker , " Do you think for me to get the right hospital ? "
And the nurse thought once a little and said , " Wow , I think it 's going to be . "
So I took the paper out of the hospital , and the ambulance came home , and she was home to nurse .
I went through the room on the home .
Three words : Do you miss ?
She came back and forth .
Stop once after home , after I left her home , she took a family and her family called the field and every woman who took her back to emergency room and her incurement she was 50 , in the big run .
And the average staff is different .
They put her on the ventilator .
And I was shocked and gung to my bones .
And I sat on the shipstill , because after she stabilized , she was put in special care , and I hope that I 'm going to be restored .
You know the trenching that you feel , when you leave the mystery you 're hoping to you never breathe and you 're not going to be out and you get your faces and you 're on your face and you 're right to
This is a lump of shame .
And I kept asking myself .
Why don 't I ask the doctor to be ? Why ?
Two years later , I was the doctors who were in the department of a community in northern Park in Toronto , and I was able to take a 10-year-old boy who was spontaneously .
And I was busy , I was flying .
He just put it .
I see him throf , he was pink .
And two days later , I went to the next level , and that was my level of requesting to me in my grandmother .
" Did you remember the patient 's license ? "
You need to inject them and regenerate after a couple of days .
But every time , they were shoes , and I was a little bit of my shoes .
That 's the system that we have .
For 20 years I write paper and I didn 't work on my medical school , I was doing a field of pharm and wrong in my classroom to learn everything possible , from one of my first letters I wrote to the Toronto Up to my
And what I learned is that 's the clearline everywhere .
We worked in a system in which one mistake is happening every day , and in 10 cases of medicines , one of those medications , there are a single dose or a misunderstanding , or that the commercials are derived from the
In both cases , these are predictions are very low-bressed estimate because , because we haven 't really looked at this issue that we should have to be .
There 's a very disruption .
We have the stereotypes that are based on the experience of the experience , for example , I can accept a patient who has a perfect child .
With those things , wrong is that the antibodies .
So , if you do the system , as I 'm taught , and eliminate all the medications of the wrong crime , no one 's going to be left .
And you know what 's wrong about their worst situations ?
They want to tell their stories . They want to share their story .
The doctor , in the concept of concept , is that the human being with meat , she knows what you 're a person , accepting it , not to be something that 's going to be able to learn something from what 's going on
She was very supportive people to talk about their mistake .
And you just get another mistake of the other , not a " Aquis , " but it 's a supporting , to get people to be better .
Anyone you can be famous for the Internet on the next seven .
But there are over 48 hours of video that video uploaded every single minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my god .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhh , wowww !
And this video is written up for January .
It was actually called Jimmy Kimmel .
Number sixth Friday . Thirty-Band-Bedand-and-side on Friday , you 're expecting the weekend , the weekend . Saturday night , sixth . It 's six to sixths
So , almost 200 million views .
This is the graph of that .
Well , Tosh.0 , and you have a lot of online telephones online .
Michael J.onon from the wildlife secret was one of the first ones to post a joke with this video on Twitter .
The result is now that 's more than 10,000 hours of copperation " From Thumble " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody has created a old version .
Because now we don 't just enjoy it , but we engage .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the media attributes , and it 's almost not like the medium medium today , but they will determine the future of the future .
And my new company was trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... notice , contribute to the community .
Hope . Just wait .
Okay .
Well , I 'm all right now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story begins here , in Rajasthanan about two years ago .
We are what we 're talking about is what 's going to happen from the ancient Indian Pabharata .
Today , we do it with a drill and machines .
The reason we came out , the magic was replaced by the machines .
They 're going to be creative inspiration .
I was booked from five years old .
The storytelling is becoming more and more .
And in fact I turned into a character in the book .
The idea of a firefrof in the glass , not knowing why , it was extremely exciting to me .
Another idea that my soul was a big fat that was going to be in the single single .
We all heard about the first , we were hearing about women , but in anyone who didn 't India in India , but about the Indian version of the Indians , the Aurs ?
So , in the course of this kind of thing , you know , in this case , you have to go out , and in a chapter , take a picture of a flower and tagged it .
In another , you have to take a piece of shell and brow it .
And what happens is that you 're going to create a digital collection of you that you can actually do online .
In the ability to bridge the color , the planet and technology , and so many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this page on top .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal website , can say , it 's a year , this is a kind of time , and this is what I 'm trying to illustrate , the markets are really stupid .
Now if I plot the graph , for example , technology , maybe , technology , it 's a very , very stressed , a shelfist , it looks very irrational , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in the history of technology that has advanced technology to change in a number of years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I am optimistic , so I think it can come in this way .
So , it 's true , it means that we are in the part of the transformation .
And so what I 'm asking , is that I 'm still asking myself , what is the new state that the world is that the world is exist ?
What is the new state of the world 's new world ?
Because this process is very difficult to know if we are right in the middle of the process .
It 's far away as we move forward .
And we know that it doesn 't mean mean , because we think about 30 , 50 years after that all of it would be so much different , a very simple thing that we 're doing today is not going to be in the moment .
And so , I think this image has its implications , if people look at it for a billionth billion years .
But these days of the oil that doesn 't really exist , like we say , because we all are the randomized of chemistry .
It 's just a basic kind of chemistry of life , but it 's much more exciting to the extent that the drops are learning to extract .
In fact , every living organisms are its archive genome , and it 's completely differentized and complex code .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make sense of DNA .
So this is allowed to help communities that can form themselves in the same way that they include these kinds of microbes to come out of the same ; they 're cooperative .
And so , they persistent , and they die , and that 's also meant that if a community develops , well , all of our community is producing a lot of individuals and they 're evolved to do it .
And so , it 's quite interesting to live in about a billion years .
And at that time , we have multi-sost multiplic cells , and there are lots of different types of cells , working together as a single one .
The skin cells are not going to have any effect , if the lack of cells , the brain cells , the brain cells , and brain cells .
The next thing is happening in these sorts of these .
These these protocells , once again , started to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of these things .
And they brought the benefits in the evolution .
So a specific object can be , for example , learn how to eat some kind of thing because it 's not good at the time and that fish feels very uncomfortable when that particular kind of thing .
And that system , that 's actually , that 's actually the fact that these particular kind of structure that are so specific that these particular kind of structure , which quickly has to accelerate the evolution .
Because the evolution of evolution today can happen inside of a fish .
For example , the most complex version of our nature is to speak about human language .
I 'm sitting here in front of the voices of the voices , hoping that in the start of all people who think of mess and mess and I 'm here and there are little things that my thinking is .
It enables us to survive as a living organism .
The telephone , the computer , the video , the video , the CDVs , the CD and others are the ones that we 're creating in society to do with information .
And they all connected us into a much more and more prosperous more than we have a greater community and more capable of evolving more than we do .
So this process on it , and then , I guess , well , the emotion is that -- like a very slow journey at the way it is going to slow its pace .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
Now I design the computer to make money , and I know that I 'm used to design computer machines can 't use if there are not recent technologies in the computer .
So now what I 'm doing is that design-solving complexity with complexity , if it designed to the traditional design .
I don 't know the recipe of the transistors in the tide .
Instead , what I do is really what the design is done in the U.N. Project , and that 's what we think about the level of selection and take that filter into that machine and machines that use more effectively more efficiently , we
And in fact , sometimes they do it because we have no idea of it .
So a particularly interesting way that I 'm currently using is a really big evolutionaryization of evolution .
Or to say , " Computers , you can give you hundreds of millions of random range of random randomness .
In other words , I identified my favorite .
And why copies are so efficiently reorganized as a legacy . "
Take the two-six programs , and they 're going to create a product by their way , their way to make their own sense of their disciplines .
Maybe we can give some changes .
So the end of the process , I 'm going to have a programmer that is perfect to the rest of the numbers .
In fact , they are much more efficient programs that I can write .
These are very rigorous and weird histories .
It says , " The airplane has hundreds of thousands of details of the same to you have a safe flight . ' It 's not going to make you feel confident ? "
And it enables us to produce more complex products than conventional design .
Because all this technology is self-culting themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's going to take us .
And I think we all are here part of the next generation of life -- whatever is what it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite a Democratic restaurant .
We picked a couple of candidate every year , they would work with the city .
And then they would write a great app , and they 're working with the team .
How do it search for help in a situation in one situation ?
They were in the jungle of the snow .
They put it the city never put rid of the watercills .
But a member of the name is Arik Michael C-shain , and I mean , on a different way , that 's how everybody still doubled in the first place .
Every time , you have to put it for him , and he put the first name .
Here 's a little app .
It 's probably the smallest in the 21st century and the last year-old notes .
But it worked a little thing that no government do .
One guy in the New Holu Kuu knows what this is and he figured out that he can use it , not for snow , but to the people who is the brain of the brain .
These lights are very important , but they are staring out of them from them .
And the applause of software enables anyone to regulate the tennid in the sky , there 's snow .
There are now in the middle of the city that are planning to use this application .
Last year , we had a team who worked three million in the work and two months and in Boston .
The project helps parents to look for the right place with their kids .
And we say , we are often , as a normal thing to build up a piece of software that we have to take at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are not .
There 's a project in California State State , which has been costed billions of people who are taxed billions of dollars , and yet it doesn 't work .
That means that no control , always opens and new stuff .
It 's a fun news , because we 're going to be more than the act of action with the power of technology .
They didn 't give up .
Now there are so many people who lost their faith in government .
Like many people , I thought the government was just to get people to vote .
After two years , I was able to make a special identity with the local government , and the ones I had the bigumgosum .
He type " Leumum " " into the official data .
This is the result of the remarkable people in the Lenest city in the city of Boston .
But what happens with Citizenses are differently .
Good morning , the hormone hormoneistum . "
Very simple .
This is interesting . This is how the technology is realizing the real life .
And this person helped the other , our community becomes greater .
If you call the animal management , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think it 's the other on that .
How do we get a political leadership -- and we 're often spending a lot of energy to go to find a political leadership -- and then we sit and expect the government to reflect our values and satisfying our needs , but then there 's no
But it 's the contribution that we have to see what we have , and we have to pay for ourselves against our fight , and then we are bad for ourselves .
It 's very important to be extremely exciting .
Because that 's where the government 's really truly work .
That 's what Ocavytheies on the world .
Have you ever seen these guys ?
It 's not politics , but the business system .
We 're going to get the ones that we need to do without independent regulations that we can all have to do ?
This is the generation of their use of the system to fight for rights .
Their war is not like we 're not going to be the person ; they 're all going to do that .
They use their hands .
Surely , we can handle the watermade water , and many people did it .
But applications applications like that the technology that we think is not only consumers , and we are not just the government , but taxpay and pays service .
More than we are civic .
And we can 't be the government to come up as we do good civic .
I have a question for all of you here : When there are essentials to our collective grasp , all of us , we are going to be a famous crowd , or we would become a group of hand ?
And I really think that 's the most important thing is that we don 't listen to the patient .
One of the things that we do in the Radbell is a kind of listening .
And we think it 's one of the main problems that are all of us -- probably not all -- but most of the traditional medical projects fail to tell us , and we don 't listen to .
It has a ring in the middle of the turn .
But another thing .
But that 's the best thing that might happen because this is called a genuine force , the pressure has to help patients -- and since it 's used to obese , it can also be used to infect patients to reject the drug .
Do you create easy techniques and use it to create a sense of sense of patients in the group .
Another thing is that we know all of the gas stations .
But where are the Aichest for the patient ?
And today we 're now going to introduce this device to be not a Acuse of this product that 's called , but Aus CUSS .
Because maybe , this is a photographer that you can 't carry along with the camera .
It 's woven with his passion for my passion , but there 's a little bit different , because using a camera , too , planning is planning .
These images like this : Building along the way of the crowd .
But it gives a bottle of the air .
What makes it ?
And the reason it creates illusions .
It 's not really what is it , it 's what we think it is .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I found that the results are also share with a process .
It 's really just a really different combinations of the differentities .
But then , they can make something like this .
So the first principle that is the combination of the images that are common in a context .
Secondly , combine the images that have a correspond light .
And these two pictures are both satisfying two conditions -- at the same altrubs and in the same way of light .
So by the colorful color , the contrast and the light at the boundaries of the different lines , the images of the different images , the images of the same , the tinkering of the field , the deepest of the field , the col
But this picture is completely created by the images of different areas .
I personally think it would be easier to even more context than the brain , but that 's not going to be able to build ideas in the head .
And this is all this in the winter , and I knew I had to take months several months to prepare , to find different locations for the parts of the image .
For example , fish fish are caught in the sentence .
There 's always a start with a sketch , a idea .
Every tool is there , and the only thing that our finite is our imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Gever Grow .
And in a couple of years , the Lois Labor has already at every single home .
LEO has taken the concrete crick , the brickber blocking the world , and it made it the bricks of the imagination .
Transition is a plastic structure that will take us from the world 's brickis to the world that each other interact with each other .
Like the bricks , the transistor enables you to build more and more and more and more brickly .
I personally don 't accept this , that the bricks to the modern age of representatives are just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how it works .
Littlele-Bit is the electronics that are different electrons .
You put green green with green , you can make the lights .
So the tiles of the switch is , like , and now you have a flash of flashbothing .
So you grab this keyboard , and you 're making a machine .
We put them a little bunch of cards to small kids and watch them playing with the Pennes .
And that 's a wonderful experience .
We also put them together to be the StudioB.
So here we are , for example , we have a very different designers that are not even aware of the electronics that started playing with a little bit of the key to the Tennessee .
And here you see , along with the fabric of the paper , paper and water , and so , of the Hieie has made ...
A couple of weeks ago we put teenagers on a TEDTBD and to give them some of designers with a card with the cardboard with the card , and they were paper and paper -- and tell them , " Let 's do it . "
If the government came out with these delictional ideological ideas , they can be able to take anyone who 's the subject of " " Senemen . "
But today , at this moment in 2011 , if you bought a laser-like printer , you can get a laser laser printer from any manufacturerising factory , and if you have a print out of paper that 's going to be a paper that
Here 's an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And the motivator of this kind of cybercriminals are very simple and easy .
They use cybercriminals that are actually spending a lot of money , lots of money .
Some of the examples of the million people come from the world of the world who have produced a fund money from cybercriminals .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is dying . and nobody knows where he was .
And I claim that the world is the danger of the world 's victim , and it 's much more complicated in the world .
And one of the obvious is that these are more recent things are becoming more bad .
In the future , not the majority of the illegal crime would happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymousus were over the last 12 months and became a force that was in the attack of this operation .
So we have three tons of attackers : criminals who are willing to make money for the same-time partnership with Anonymous , which is responding to our own and the government is our government .
There are lots of situations like what happened in the Tigitalotar .
They have to take the last year annual record because their system has been destroyed .
And in the last week , in a meeting with a corner of the Netherlands , I have asked to question for a friend of a friend , and whether he found it rational , if somebody was going to die because of the formerigigi
Digitalotot is a company that is a truly service provider service .
In fact , you need a demonstration , if you have a website that uses the Sitopatch with the encoderry , the service of the Gmm. is going to use .
All of us , or at least is that we are using Gm or email applications , and these special specialities are in common nations like the Norden , because the stateers have the government themselves , whoever economists have a team from the country
And there are only kinds of hypothies .
And that 's exactly what happened with Digital . Languar . "
In this material , they 're from a company that 's a German company in the German , sold for Egyptian government , so high-tech tools to listen to a big scale of all the communication and the people 's people .
So this is the actual core of that companies .
But the Western state also do it in the country of the country .
For example , in Germany , a couple weeks ago ago , what was discovered in Tojam Scruci , which is a German dog that 's Germanized to use their people .
They heard your old-fashioned Internet .
They even use tools like Taban Scucist to infect their computer , and then they can get every information you have , you have every conversation in your online , and you have your password .
So why I am concerned ?
But this argument is not rational .
No privacy doesn 't have to debate .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And if we have a trust , a blind way in any future , the government we can have in 50 years ?
