When I 'm kidding , I think that North northern Bloodle is the best country in the world and I 'd sing the " song we 've got to do . "
I was very proud of my country .
In school , we spent a lot of time to learn about the life of the Caucan Sankner , but it 's not going to learn more about the outside world , except the U.S. , the Japanese and Japan .
Even though I 've been wondering without knowing the outside world , but I still think I 'm going to live in life in NorthTimes , until all of the sudden suddenly change .
When I was seven , I saw the people who were shoting for the first time in my life , but I still think my life here is entirely normal .
My family don 't poor , and I don 't have to be hungry .
But in 1995 , my mother brought home a letter with a letter with a sister who was with her mom .
There 's written : When you 're reading about these streams , the whole family 's family has gone up in this life anymore , because the children had nothing to eat for two weeks .
Everything of the same thing on the floor , and our bodies can be felt like death death .
I was shocked .
Because it was the first time I knew that my male was suffering .
And after that , when I went through a garage , I saw a horribed horror I could never forget .
On the garage of the garage , she 's a heterosexual who was holding a little baby , and he knows a look at the face of the mother .
But nobody can help them , because all of us are worrying and both family .
In the mids of the 90s , North Korea went through a catastrophic hunger .
It makes more than a million people died in the hunger , and many people survived to eat lawn , and worms .
The more powerful thing that often happen , so everything around me when I went to darkness at night when the night comes up with the light from the south and only the river .
I always ask the question , why do they have electricity , we 're not .
Here 's a photograph of a satellite from North Korea in the United States in the surrounding countries .
This is the Lazis Lower , it 's the natural border between North Korea and China .
Maybe it 's a little bit crazy , because some of the North Korean North Korea .
But many people died .
And I saw them in the river .
I couldn 't talk about how I 'd been out of North Korea , so I could say that in the last few months of hunger , because of the hunger that I was sent to China to live with a Chinese restaurant .
Now , I thought I was going to have a long time .
Never , I can imagine that I 'm going to have to go away from these 14 years .
China 's life , the life of a young girl who 's going to be family .
I had no idea what happened to the life of a refugeeer from the North Korea , but I realize that it didn 't seem very difficult , but also dangerous , because the refugees who are from the North Korea in the U.S.
I always live in a fear that my father 's going to be detected , and I 'm going to be with the old life in North Korea .
One day , the nightmare had been real , I was killed in China and brought it to the police department .
There 's somebody told me that I 'm a North Korean , so they 've tested my Chinese ability and ask me questions .
I was terrified , and it felt like heart failure .
Because if they saw what 's not natural , I 'm going to be locked into jail and get paid about water .
I think my life comes down , but I still try to control emotions emotions and answer their questions .
And when I asked the question , one of the scenes said to the other , and this is a wrong point .
It 's not the North Korean . "
And they released me . That 's a magic .
Some of North Korean Central in China has come to the foreign attitudes of water out there , but many of them have been arrested by police departed by China and being paid about water .
These girls are very fortunate .
Because even though it 's been arrested , but eventually finally learned from the public health community .
But North Koreans are not very fortunate .
Every year , there 's a lot of North Korean people in China and being paid about water , where they were tortured or injured .
While I was lucky because I had been released to be released with a lot of my colleagues .
North Korean North Korea have his fingerprints and struggled to be a tragedy .
Even when Chinese students and found a job , their lives can be completely absorbed in a moment .
That 's why after 10 years of my checklist , I decided to go to South Korea , to start a new life .
stability is more difficult than I can imagine .
Because in Korean , English has been very important , so I started learning English , my third language .
I also realized a big gap between North and North Korea .
We 're all trained , but it 's very different , because of the consequences of the year of the year of the year .
I 've spent a crisis in my own crisis .
I 'm a South Korean South North Korea North Korea ?
Where came from ? Where am I ?
Suddenly , I don 't have a country in order to be able to be proud of the order .
Even though to live in life in South Korea , it 's not very easy , but I 've set up a plan .
And let 's start to learn to college .
And yet , when I 've just been familiar with life , then I was a terrible news .
North Korean North Korea invented the amount of money that I send home for her family , and to punish , they 're going to get my family to be a completely rural district in rural areas .
In order to get them out of that , and I started to help my family escape escape .
North North Korea have had to transcend the spaces that seem to seem to come to freedom .
Because it 's because of the border out of North Korea because it 's impossible , so , I have to go to China and go back to the border border North Korea .
Because my family don 't know the Chinese , so I should go to the people through 2,000 miles in China .
The journey to the bus stop buses about a week , and several times we were arrested .
Once , our cars were reversed by a police officer .
He 's proven of everybody 's finances .
Because my family don 't understand Chinese , so I think they 're going to be arrested .
When the Chinese police came up close to them , I 'm immediately standing up and said to him , and he told me that this is the deaf who I am right .
He looked at me , but unfortunately lucky .
And we continue to go to the border of the Arctic , because I 've had to use nearly all the money that I have to get to the young people to editate .
However , after we passed the border , my family was arrested for jails because of the border editing .
And when I got my punishment and I bribed , bribes , my family had been released in a month , and then again , again , in the capital of the LFB .
That 's the best part of my life .
I 've done everything to bring my family to come to liberty , and so I 've been successful , but they 've been arrested while we 've been inappropriate in South Korea .
I went back to the middle of the police department and the police department , looking for me to get my family to get rid of me , but I didn 't have enough money to pay bribe or punishment .
I was despair .
Yes , there was a man who asked me , " What 's this ? "
I 'm incredibly surprised by a totally stranger that I 'm totally interested in my mind .
In his English language , and a little bit of dictionary , I told him my father 's family . There was a little bit of the man , he had gone to AM.M , all the money for all my family and other Northern
I 'd thank him , including my heart , and I asked , " Why did you help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " He said .
" I 'm helping the North Korean . "
I realize that it 's a huge moment in my life .
Compassion from the man who became a new symbol of new symbols for me and all the North North Korea when we were really needed , and he showed me a good way from the alien strangers and the international community of the community of the community that
Finally , after my journey journey and family had been released in South Korea , but come to liberals with halfway .
A lot of North Koreans are being cut with their families , and when they arrive after another country , they have to start with very low or less likely to do .
So we can help aid help from international communities , education train , teaches , teaches , and many other areas .
We also can play a role bridge between the people who are in North Korea with the outside world , because there are many many of us in keeping with other members of family members in the country , and we shared them with information and raised money .
I 've been fortunate to get a lot of help and inspiring my life , so I want to be able to share the country to give me a country to develop along with international support .
I believe that you 're going to see more and more North people in North Korea in the world , including TED stage .
Thank you .
I have a request .
Don 't tell me that I 'm okay .
Now I want to introduce you to my brother .
A 22-year-old , very delicacy and very beautiful .
I don 't speak , but I 'm happy to celebrate the way that 's probably best at the best couldn 't do it .
Because what happened is love .
I 'd like to share it with no matter how no matter .
She 's not greedy . Eight .
I don 't care about the religious difference , and let 's understand that I 'm not deception .
When I sing our childhood lessons , trying to remember from that I couldn 't , and he suggested me to tell me something that we know about how brains is , and what we don 't know how wonderful .
Samuel 16 . She 's a beautiful .
You have a perfect memory .
But also selective .
I don 't remember my little bit of chocolate cake , but I 'm reminded of my five-year-old , but I 'm going to remember my own schedule on my iPad , the conversation between us from four years old
Isn 't it amazing ?
But most people don 't agree .
And in fact , because of my mind , I don 't have proper proper social norms , normal kids are often through and understand .
But the heart of my heart is more than me and my soul is more than that , despite this fact , despite the fact that it 's true , even though they 're not considered to do normally , it 's just meaning : it '
And you 're not familiar with the phrases of autism , it 's a brain disorder that affect the ability to communicate socially involving , learning and learn the possibilities of physical .
Personal disease on another individual , that 's why it 's very different .
And around the world , it 's 20 minutes per person who has a diagnosis of autism , and despite it though it 's one of the developmental disorders development of the fastest speed of the world , we don 't clear or the treatment of
And I couldn 't remember the first time I was exposed to autism , but I couldn 't remember a day without it .
I 'm three years old when I discovered my life and I 'm totally excited that there 's a new person in life .
And after several months , I realized that was different .
I screamed .
I don 't want to play things like other children , and in fact , I don 't seem to enjoy anything or anything else .
Remi and live in my own world , with their own norms , and I 'm glad joy in the earliest things , like the automobile around the room and looking at the bar and the food eat anything in the hands .
When growing up , it became more different , and the difference became clear .
But beyond the anger and frustrating , and it 's not too much of something that 's actually unique unique : a pure instinct and innocracy , a little boy who 's not a bit of stereotype , a person who 's
Africa .
Well , I couldn 't deny that there was a couple of difficult moments in my family , my moments , I had my wishions .
But I put my back back to the things that teach me to teach me about the way , the communications and the love , and I realize that this is what I 'm going to have to measure .
The average dissection of beauty is given us , and what we 're not doing is not something we 're doing something wrong .
It means that there 's something else 's right .
And if I can only carry a little bit for a good and give Sam and give you , it 's you you 're not going to have to be ordinary .
You can .
Because there 's autism evidence , no difference between us -- we have a gift of chops , and it 's also a little bit of a gift , and honestly , in terms of the mainstream is the greatest sacrifice .
It 's a great opportunity for progress , progress and change with ironically when we try to become more like a person .
I don 't say that I 'm okay .
Thank you .
Maybe you 're all agreed to me is a beautiful way .
It 's built from plastic plastic , and plastic pipeline is the material that it ran on it , it 's very smooth , but it 's not always available , especially in these days today .
And you can be sprayed in the sky .
And especially if you 're on bicycle , and crosses the cars , it 's not really cool .
Also , plastics , caused a lot of noise .
It 's the material material , if we do the path of the Netherlands , very close to the cities , we want to be a quiet road .
The solution for the problem is to do sugar from roads .
The laneous is the material that we 're used to rebuild most countries in Netherlands , and it 's just filled through the holes , so that rainwater through the holes , so that rainwater will come out , and you '
And the noise disappeared goes through .
Because it 's so beautiful , all the noise will be gone away , so that 's the very quiet line .
Of course , there 's still a lot of any convenience , and this is the default of this sort of dopamine , it 's going to happen .
What 's the dopamine ? What you see that this way on the way of the ice is layers .
So first of you get a rock , and more , more and more , more , more and more -- and then -- oh , I 'm not going to do .
But they can do a lot of your car .
And after the end , it 's going to cause a lot more .
Sometimes they built these bumps .
Well . He 's ready .
I mean , of course , can become a problem , but we 've got a solution .
In fact , you see this material here , there 's a signature effect .
It 's plastic , as I said , you only have a tiny amount of stick between the stone .
The weather effects of the weather , the sun 's face , the curator of the metabolic episode , plastics , this plastic bottlinder glue , and it turns out , and if it turns out , it 's going to
And if you drive up on the road , and you 're destroying these blocks -- as we just see here .
To solve this issue , we 've made these materials .
If we created this material , we can find solutions .
What we can do is we can use a solid glucose pipeline of steel . And we cut a little bit of a little bit of steel , and we mixing this little bits with plastic waste .
So we 've got plastic mixed with small ones .
And you need a machine , as you see here , is the use to cook -- some sensors .
The receptor can be heat , particularly steel .
What you do is steel boiling hot steel , you do the plastic bits of cards , and plastic polyum will be melting into this tiny , and the rocks are going to stick on the face .
I 'm using a mic mic because I couldn 't show the sensors from the standstanding stage .
The micaves wave is the same system .
I 've been speculated in the oven , I 'm going to take it out , to check it out .
This is the sample .
I 've told us what we 've invented a industrial building on the lab at the lab , to hang the object .
In our lab , we 've tried a lot of these models , and then the government , they 've actually seen the results , and they think , " Well , how well . That 's how we do . "
Then they gave us a national street , the 400th of the U.S. County , A-800 , we had to build a new test .
So that 's what we 've done here . You watch the pathways we 've done , and then the course of this path will survive for many years without any harm . That 's what we learned from experient .
We 've taken several samples of these animals and we try them in the lab .
So we 're older , we put a lot of stuff , it puts them out of the hormone , sensory sticking them , and put them back to them and then try and again .
We can do it again .
And indeed , concluding from this study is that we 've been serving a four-year-old street , and this is the size of the big size that we 've built it to protect the fact -- it 's four years we
Well , to summarize , I can say that we 've made a material that we 've made a steel use of steel , steel into the steel , using the age of life , to be able to help the lifespan of the face
Now you 're wondering if you 're wondering whether it works .
We 're also here . It 's pretty warm .
And it 's going to have to show it a little bit before , and I 'm showing you the effectiveness of data .
But let me try .
Yes . Yes , it sticks .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk about a question that 's a question of the question , which is not too good .
The theme of the domestic violence , and the question I ask questions is that the question always ask : Why is it ?
Why should women stay with women who beat them ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social psychologist or a professional family .
I 'm just a woman who wants to share my story .
And when I was 22 years old , the graduated school .
I moved to the city of New York City when the first work of writing work and editing a magazine called Subrent .
My first time I had , apartments , my own cardboard , and I had great secrets .
The secret is that this gun is filled with bullettracks in the beginning of my man who 's a man who thought of my life , from over again .
The man who had been more people all over the gun and the murder , I didn 't remember it .
I 'm here to tell you about love crazy , one of the fact that 's going to be a blank page beneath the U.K. and millions of men .
This is your story .
I don 't like a lot of domestic violence .
I have the U.K. employees from Harvard , and business is business from business business .
I 've been a graduated career working for companies in the U.S. and Johnson .
I married married with the second husband that had 20 nearly 20 years and had three children .
My dog is a Blackberry , and I drove the Hondaya .
So the first thing I want to tell you is that violence is happening with all people every gender , every religion , education levels and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I want to say is that people think that violence has violence with women , that women 's the woman .
It 's not true .
More than 85 percent of men who are , and domestic violence is pointing in the intimate relations , long , long , long , in the family , where we 're going to be able to look forward to the violence , which is a reason why
I 've self myself myself myself , I 'm a man who left the planet with the men who have been beaten , but actually , I 'm a prime-force victim .
I 'm 22 years old life , living in the United States , women 's 16-year-old woman has been three times more likely to become three times more victims of violence than women in other women , and on the 500 women and girls
I also had a victim because I didn 't know what about violence , my favorite warning signs .
I met in a hospital in a month , a rain and cold .
He 's sitting next to me in New York City , and he 's starting to me .
He told me about two things .
One is him , as well as well , I graduated from the Veterian Vagina and he 's going to work in a very banking bank on Wall Street .
But the most modest thing to me at the first encounter is that he 's smart , and he looks like a farmer .
He 's got a big deal of this big , and sometimes the dazzling dangers and the hairsty hair like the rice and yellow , and he seems very sweet .
One of the most intelligent miracle has been done , since the beginning is beginning to create that I 'm a promising impact .
He did this remarkable thing in my own way .
We 're starting to date , and he asked me to do all the fact that I 'm intelligent , that I chose Harvard , that I 'm going to Harvardize the new girl and work .
He wants to know everything about my family and my childhood childhood , hope and dreams .
The Poror believe I believe , as a writer and a woman who never has ever been .
And he 's also making a magic of the magic of the trust that we 've heard of his secrets , that he 's like a four-year-old from four-year-old , and he 's been compelled back to
And that explains why I 'm in the middle of the U.S. and the job in the Wall Street and his future Hispany .
If you tell me that the man 's smart , funny , sensitive , I 'm going to give me a minute , when I 'm worth , or my dresses , how much I 'm going to be , I 'm going to
I didn 't know that the first phase of the domestic violence is temptation and seduction .
I don 't know that second phase is the isolation .
Now , the Pororor didn 't come home on a day and says journalist , " Hey , you know , all of the dazzling stuff -- and this beautiful piece of this fabulous , but I needed to move the next stage where
Instead of the fact that I 'm sitting on a Friday and six years he told me that he 's relaxed his dream of his dream , and he says , he quit giving me because I 'm glad because he 's going to be
Now , the last thing I want to do is leave the New York Times and my dream of my dream , but I think that you have to sacrifice your life , so therefore I agree with my life , and therefore , I 'm agreeing and
I don 't think I 've been working on a crazy love , that I 'm stroking the first step in the psychological psychological core , money and I 've been going to be careful .
The next step in this violence is to take violent violence and see how we react .
From here , the guns walked in .
And when we moved to New England , and you know , where you 're going to do to feel safe -- you buy three things .
He 's keeping a plant in our trash .
A kilometer beneath our bed beneath our family .
And he said he had these guns because of the damage that he had gone through during past past was a kid .
He need them to be protected .
But these guns were actually a message for me , and he didn 't give me a hand arm of my own , but my life in the danger of every single day .
She was attacked in my early year before .
That 's when I was seven when I was sleeping asleep .
I 'm working on the roof , trying to write poems , and I 've seen , and I 've seen , and I 'm frustrated , I 'm using a lot of anxiety as being treated as I treated my hands around me
Next year later , 10th Shruise on the neck I 've been shown up , and I dress my wedding dress , and married with him .
Despite things that happened , I 'm sure that we will live happily because I love him and he also loved me .
And he was upset with bribes .
He 's really stressed out of the married and wishing family .
That 's the individual , and he 's never going to hurt me .
It happened in two weeks .
For the first time , I 'm driving a car plate to find a beach , and I 'm fascinated , and he beat me on the head of my head , I 'm going to hang on the doors of the car .
And after a couple of days later , when he was driving home after the week after him , he was tired of the carrot him , and he was dressed in the car , and he 's throwing the whole food eats into my
She 's a messenger to me over two weeks every two weeks after two months after the marriage .
I was wrong when I thought I was the only case I was alone and I was alone .
One third of the American woman went through the violence of the family , or a series of life in the earliest stages of release and reports to the 15 million children per year , 15 million .
So I 'm actually in a very good job .
I asked my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is easy .
I don 't know he 's brutally .
Even him in my head , pushing me down the floor , my threat , my wife , my keys from the car when I 'm driving a car on the freeway of my headquarters at the beginning when I 'm wearing clothes ,
Instead , I 'm a strong woman in love with a man who has a problem , and I 'm the only person on earth on earth can help me face his ugly .
The other question that people ask is , why don 't you leave ?
Why couldn 't I walk ? I could quit any time .
For me , it 's the sad and sadness , because we , some of the stuff that you don 't know : it 's a terrible risk to leave a violence .
Because the last step in the households is her killed .
More than 70 percent of violence committed after the victims of the end of the relationship , after she throw away , because after violence is nothing gone .
But as long as long as long as long as long as long as it 's long-and-arted , even after the end of the end of the marriage , from the financial sources of the resources ; and the movements of the family system
And we 're going to continue to ask , why don 't you throw away ?
I 've been able to leave away , because I 'm going to have a tyagious beaten from my life .
I realize that the man who loved me would love to kill me if I left him .
So I was silenceed .
I tell everyone : the police , the neighbor , my friends and family , my friends , strangers are alien , and I 'm here today because you 're helping me .
We have the stereotype of the victim as victims of intimacy , these women are self-conflict , women who are hurt .
The question , " Why are you ? "
It 's some of the people , " That 's what I 'm sorry , " It 's the same thing as the victim who has been asked men to define us .
But from the " Caucz " Love , " I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who are left , people who have learned a lesson of life worthless , but what has happened , and those who builds life -- happy
Because truth , I 'm a victim of my family 's victim .
I married with a man with a man and good , and we had three children .
I have my dog Blackberry and I have the Minlean .
What I 've never had now had half , half forever is a gun , because I was saying that he loved me .
Right now , maybe you 're thinking , " Oh , it 's wonderful , " Oh , " Oh , you know , she 's new , " but this all this time , I 've been talking about you .
I 'm sure you among people who are hearing me to speak , and people are being abused or people who are being opposite or people who are opposite or the opposite of the Internet .
The opposite contrary to your daughter , your girlfriend , your friend friend .
I can finish my favorite crazy story by asking me .
I 'm missing with silence today .
Here 's how I 'm helping other victims , and this is my last request .
Let you tell about what you hear here .
The opposite of silence .
You have the power to end violence by using a wind .
We need victims .
We need you to understand the burden of violence .
My notebooks of light today is by talking about it , your friends , friends , friends friends and family .
The rest of their life as a happy person , cute in the future of openness .
Now , the early warning of the violence and the lies of the conscience , it falls down , just for safety .
Together we can make our sleep beds and our family become more peace and safe .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a group of animals .
There are about 10,000 species in the world .
Klegle is one of the most advanced group .
When you see a kitteeze , this first thing , the first thing that comes out in the beginning is , these are terrible things , ugly , ugly , and eat the meat , you know , the politics .
I want to change that consciousness . I want to change the sense of what you 're dedicating for these birds , because they need to be our inspiration . They really need .
I 'm going to tell you why .
Now , first of why , why do they impressed that ?
When the Charles Darwin passed the Pacific in 18532 , from the train Beagle , he finds the karoony Turkish , and he said , " These birds have been to stick with the very beginning that 's been
You can 't be more benched , and that 's the words of Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed the idea when he turned around , let me tell you why .
They 're being combined with Disney -- the characterized characters .
More recently , if you 're going to follow the news in Kenya -- Kenya -- these are the attributes that belongs to interpersonal , but I want to reflect that .
I want to resist because you know what ?
Because the scene doesn 't keep the environment .
The police don 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They hardly couldn 't have a degree of a married .
They 're also great .
And it 's what I like most of , is more karious brothers .
There are two types of punch cards on this planet .
The Kindley have been found in the U.S. foundations in the United States , similar species , and that 's the same thing that bacarayasca kurger , where there 's 16 species . In this
So , why 's why the key thing is important ? Most of them , providing the basic services . They are .
They 're really natural .
They cleaned death to the bone .
They 're helping to kill bacteria . They help pollate coalition , and spread out of big losses for livestocks and other diseases .
The latest study that shows us in areas where there are no karious kitles that have three times four times four times four times four times four to four plants to degrades , and the consequences of this disease is the spread of disease
Bluees have a great history of its importance .
They 're being connected with ancient ancient culture .
Netbasket is the symbol of the defender and the mom , and together with the snake , and symbols the symbols , the iconical symbol of the M & amp ; Slow .
In the provocative myth , Jayatay is a klegian , and he 's a risk of life to save the women to save the Psychopathic Ravana .
In the culture of Tibet , they 're doing very important . They 're like in Tibet , there 's no way to get people to die , or not to fire them , so they 're talking out of a pupp
So what 's the puppet ?
We 've got eight species of kurious diseases in Kenya , and there 's a species with risk of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , they 're beginning to have a lot of competition between human beings and the wildlife . These communities are using this toxic to bring them into the predatory predator , but instead of kiv
In South Asia , these countries like India and Pakistan , four species of puppetrating puppetrate in the list of the risk of extreme risk factors , which means they 're just less than 10 or 15 years , and therefore because they 're
This has been used in the field of veteration in India .
Because there 's not a kitty kitoirs that there 's a massive amount of wild dogs in the area of the garbage containers , when you 're wildly , you have a huge excess of the disease .
Kenya , there 's a big field of Africa in Africa with 3,33 engineered at the Senkana .
I don 't get wind energy , but we need to partner with the government , because the wind makes the birds into this . They cut them .
They 're a bunch of birds .
In Africa , there 's a trade trade trajectory as a deadline to restore the Magicutation .
So what do we do ? We 're working on this study , we 're working on this stuff .
We 're trying to quantify their basic biology , and according to them .
We can see it moving to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on the scale of the scale , which wouldn 't help you for .
We need to be based on government .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're speaking to them about what you 're talking about the kundaneouses that are really important to the ability to appreciate these great creatures and these benefits .
How do you help ? Yes you can become an energetic person , create a voice . You can write your government and say to us that we need to focus on these animals . It 's a little bit of time .
When you walk out of this room , you 're going to get the information about the kargus , but let your family , your children , your neighbor , your neighbor .
They 're very sum . Charles Darwin said that he 's because he saw them to see what they 're looking at the sky .
Kenya , in the world , it 's much more , if there 's no great stuff .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a woke morning when I hear my voice in my house .
My father was listening to the BBC on his little little gray .
He made a big smile , it 's very unusual because normally he makes it .
He goes up : " The Taliban !
I didn 't know , but I could find that my father was very , very happy .
" I can now go to the school . "
One morning I couldn 't forget .
A real school .
You know , the Taliban went to Afghanistan invad Afghanistan from Afghanistan when I was six years old .
Five years later , I 've been eating like a boy who was a boy to walk along with my sister I went to a secret school because I was thrown out of my house .
That 's the only way we can go .
Every day , we 're going to go to each other , and we don 't get any of our own fears .
We 've got a book in Los Angeles , and people will think we 're just shopping .
The school in a house , more than 100 , we put it in a little living room .
It 's warm warm in the winter season , but summer is hot .
We all know that 's risk of our own network , her students and our parents .
There 's a couple of times , of course , the school closed doors .
We always wondered what we know about .
Can we be tracked ?
Do they know where we were ?
We 're very scared , but we want to go to school .
I 'm fortunate enough to be a very important family , and it 's important .
My grandfather was a very unusual person who was mad .
A person who 's completely ignored from a distant Afghan day in Afghanistan , he 's a gympha of his daughter , my mom was to school , and so he was his father .
But my mom has become education .
She was .
She took two years ago for our home to open our girls and girls .
And this is my father who was his first man in his family .
No doubt that his daughter will be educated education , including his daughter , regardless of the Taliban .
For him , children don 't get a bigger danger .
In the Taliban , I remember that there were moments of my life in our lives and always fear and not see the future .
I 'd like to leave my school , but my father , he 's going to say , " Listen , my daughter can be lost everything .
The baby is probably passed away . You can have been compelled from the house of war .
But something that 's going to survive forever , is that everything is , and if we 're being forced to sell the blood to pay our money , we 're going to do .
So what are you going to continue ?
I 'm 22 years old .
I 've been raised in a country who has been destroyed by the war .
Less than 63 percent of women , I learned from high school , and if my family didn 't commit my school , I also became one of them .
But , I 'm going to stand up here is a graduate school graduation .
When I went back Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was obsessed with his family because he dare his daughter 's daughter , and one of the first person to celebrate me .
He didn 't have my faulties , but also I was the first woman , and I was the first woman who could lead him on the streets in the streets .
My family trust me .
I dream great , but my family wishes me for me .
So I 'm a global mission for 1017 , this is the global movement for women .
So I helped the U.S. , the first school , and it 's the only thing for girls to Afghanistan in Afghanistan , a country which is still dangerous for girls to school .
I 'm very excited to see my students coming to my school with this opportunity .
And I saw my parents and father father like my dad dad , support their support , despite and despite even having trouble breathing .
It 's Ahmed . That 's not his name , and I couldn 't face his face , but Ahmed my father 's father .
It 's a little bit of a month , and he 's his boss on the way to their way to their way to their way to their village , and they 're actually shaking the shock because of the bombard of a few minutes
When he came home to the house , the phone phone , a voice threat , if he continued to bring his daughter into the school , they 'll attempt again .
He said , " If you want to kill me , but I 'm not going to break the future of my daughter because the ideologies and the lives of the people "
I 've now noticed now Afghanistan , and this is something that 's been ignored in the West , it 's behind the most part of the people who are the people who are as a respect of their own daughter , and people see their success
This is not the mother who doesn 't matter in our success .
In fact , they 're the first person , and the people who persuaded a future of their daughter , but in the social situation , we need to support the support of men .
The Taliban , the girls who went to the school districts that they were missing , that was illegal .
But today , three million women are in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looked at the U.S.
I saw the Americans saw the weakness , it 's sweet .
I 'm afraid that all those changes will not be longer longer than the U.S. military .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , when I saw my students in my school and dad parents supported them , encourages them , I find a future of promise and transformation changes .
For me , Afghanistan as a country of hope , the ability to limit limits , and every day of birth school , I 'm reminded about that .
Like me , they had big dreams .
Thank you .
Hello . This is my cell phone .
A cellphone cell phones can change your life , and a phone phone gives you personal freedom .
With a cell phone , you can record the image of action invasion in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can also upload a message on the faller and start to join a protest protest protest .
And with a cell phone , you can record a song , it uploads on the Sudan and Clarke .
All of these things can be pointing with your cell phone .
I was a kid in 1984 , and I lived in Berlin .
Let 's go back at that point .
You can see here how thousands of people people stand up and stands for change .
It was in 1989 , and let 's imagine the people who were standing up and charts that change has a cell phone .
Anyone in your office rooms ?
Let 's take it up .
Let 's take your phone your hand on your hand , please your cell phone !
Let 's take it up . It 's a phone cell phone , Blackberry , Blackberry .
Many of them . Today , we have a cell phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself and my phone , and about how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about it .
There are about 3582 .
The information spreads .
But why is there ?
The reason for the summer of 2006 , the European Commission has been proposed to show the official market .
It 's called the data of data .
So this informed for every telecommunition of Europe in every Europe , every service provider across the European continent , it 's a huge amount of information about people who use .
Who who call someone who ? Who who who send someone email ?
Who who send these messages ?
And if you use mobile phones , then this is where the problem existed .
All of this information was fortunate at least six months , for two years , by the time , by the time , by the time , by the time , by the time , by the time , you 're using the Internet service providers .
And in Europe , Europe stood up and said , " We don 't want to be . "
They said , we don 't want to have this personal belief .
We want to be able to get autonomy in the digital age , and we don 't want to companies that companies telecom companies and supply the Internet services .
They 're lawyers , journalists and politicians , all of us , " We don 't want to do that . "
And you can see here , like the U.S. population marched on the streets of the Berlin and the headquarters , " fear . "
And some people even say , it 's like Stas 2.0 .
Stali is the force of the police depicted in the Middle East .
I 've been asked to ask myself , what does it work ?
Would they spread our information ?
Every time we use our mobile phones ?
So I asked her online , using Futed Treek , the largest telecommunition of the German Germany at the time , and I asked them to do , please , give me a whole range of mine .
I asked them to send me a month , and I 've continued on demand , but what I 've shown is an answer . "
But after I said , I want to have this information , because they 're archiving my life .
And I decided to send a lawsuit , because I wanted to get this information .
But loson Firet said , no , we won 't give you this information .
And finally , I had a deal with them .
I 'm going to make a lawsuit , and they will give me my request .
Because at the time , the federal legal government decided that the only European market is not in the German system of Germany .
So I 've been able to get this ugly , ugly with a dish plate .
And on the CD dish , what I 've got to get there .
3580 pieces of information .
I first looked at it , and I said , well , it 's a big data .
But then I realized , this is my whole life .
This is my life in my six months , it 's been documented in this data stream .
Then I 've got a little bit , and what do I do with it ?
Because I can see where I visited there , where I sleep every night , what I did .
But after I said , I wanted to do this information .
I 'd like to know it by public .
Because I want to show people to see what the data is really .
So for Zehor and Data Data City , I do the same thing .
These are the images of my life in six months .
You can zoom in or you appreciate it , you can also contrast back or faster .
You can see my step .
You can even know that I 'm going to go to the Frankard of the train , and the whole frequency I call between communication .
We all can be with this information .
I had a fearful .
But it didn 't just talk about me .
It 's about information .
First of all , it 's just like this , I call my wife and call me , we spoke to three times .
And then some of you call me call them , they call each other .
And then after you then call you , and you call you , and you 're going to have a large network .
But you can see how we communicate with each other , they call them when they sleep .
You can see it all .
You can see the most important part , just like a leader .
If you have access to this information , you can see the activity of the community , social society .
If you have access to this information , you can control the entire society .
This is a design for design countries like China or Iran .
This is a map of surveillance , because you know how people who talk to people , who send them emails , all that if you have access to this information .
And this information was at least six months in six months , Europe for two years .
So I said , when I start to imagine , imagine if these people on the streets of Montiroad has a year in the back of a year .
Or perhaps the Stasi will know who who participate in this protest , and if Stali knows who is a leader standing behind it , it probably won 't be able to happen .
The collapse of the Berlin is probably not going to survive .
And if it turns out , there 's the collapse of the moistory in the cold War , wouldn 't survive .
Because today , the functional institutions and companies want to store the information they 've got to be better , they 're better , and online , online and diplomats .
They want to be able to follow our lives , and therefore they want to go back at these times .
Autonomy and living in the age of digital technology .
What you should do is to fight for autonomy .
And you have to stop fighting for every day .
Then , when you go home , let 's talk to your friends , that privacy is the value of the 21st century , and that 's not sorry .
When you go home , let 's talk to me because of your own representatives , and companies can stay hold the specific information , even though they don 't have to do it .
And if you don 't believe me , let 's require the networking of the information that they 've stored .
So , in the future , whenever you use your phone to let it reminds you that you must have to fight for autonomous personalization .
Thank you .
Photographer my fascination since I 'm big enough to grab a camera , but I 'd like to share with you 15 images that I 'm most importantly , and I don 't have any screen .
There 's no magician , not a maker , no , no , no even not to worry about light .
In fact , most of them were taken by passions .
The story starts when I went to the New York City to participate in a speech , and my wife took me picture in my first birthday in the first birthday in the first birthday . We 're in the 57 corners .
We happened to come back to New York a year later , so we decided to take a bunch of them .
You can see where the story is coming .
And when I went to the third birthdayth of my daughter , my wife said , " Why he didn 't give you the New York Times to do a little bit of the guerrilla and a girl , and then continue to the " aw
Since we started guerrilla travelhing .
You know , the impact on my camera for a totally different national distance .
There 's no one who refuse , and luckily , there 's no one with any camera .
So , we didn 't know how to change our lives .
It becomes more sacred to us .
This was taken a couple of weeks after 9 / 11 , and I try to explain what happened in the ways that a five-year-old kid could understand .
These pictures are not just representing for a moment , or a particular trip .
They 're the way we stop in a week of a month , we think about our time , and we changed the year every year , not just about physically physically , but it 's about the face .
Because even though we took a picture , but our view of change , my daughter got a new check , and I looked at the baby through her eyes , how it 's observating and interacting with everything .
The time we 've been focusing on each other is one thing we 've been and important for the entire year .
Recently , in a trip , we 're walkinging a little bit like a daughter , and we 're going to stop the center of the line , and it only comes down to the red line of the barbeage that it '
I 'm going to describe it for a five-year-old , when you stand at that position .
It said that it 's remember that he has opened out of the breast when it saw the first time for nine years .
And now what it saw in New York is the universities , because it decided to learn in New York .
And I realized : one one of the most important things that we 're creating a memory .
So I 'd like to share the idea of a role in the form of creating a memory .
I don 't know what you guys , but out of this image , I don 't show a lot of family .
I 'm always a photographer .
So today I 'd like to encourage everyone in the photo , and don 't take the next step to someone else , and ask , " ask us to help us ? "
Thank you .
I 've never forgotten my grandmother 's delightions -- I passed my life in my sight : " Hey , let 's fight Gaddaf . Let fight him .
But never turns into a form of Gaddafa . "
The last two years since passed the presence of the slums in Libya explode out , it 's exposed by a lot of the passions on the ground from the east and Egyptian .
I 've been involved in energy and outside to be calling for the day of the prosperity and to start with a cyberattutionary Gaddaf .
And it was a great revolution .
The young men who are going to fill out the government , and the heights of the liberals , the dignity , social justice .
They 've been clear as a mirror in terms of dealing with the authoritarian Gaddaf .
They 've shown a difference between the West and stretched to the south .
After all , after six months of warfarers with the casualties of 50,000 , we 've been liberated liberating our country and wittees .
However , Gaddators have a burden of a burden , a legacy of reference institutionalization , corruption , and the magneses .
For the four decades , the tyranny of Gaddafa had destroyed the infrastructure and the moral framework of Libya .
In the wisdom of the destruction and the challenges , I also like many other women , the ground , I 've been able to rebuild the civil society 's civil society , calls the whole thing and the transition to transition democracy and reconciliation .
Recent 200 years was founded at SMghazi throughout the time during the time , and after Gadda fell crash 300 -- 300 .
Then 33 years ago , I went back to Libya , with a passionate enthusiasm , I started to find organizations with high-sized training , human development .
Together a great group of great women , I 'm co-minded Catholic Church , because of the New York Times , the leaders from all the different parts of society , to lobby the political empowerment for women
I 've been in the context of the same situations with the election , the polar atmosphere , the environment , the environment is an shaped by political view of political and values .
I led a Catholic Church of the E.U. Comedy for Peace to lobby a law more inclusive law , law that could bring people all the citizens , even though they were treating , and the most importantly , the
And eventually , our bias became accepted and success .
Ninety 17 percent of the U.S. government in the U.S. in the first election in the last 20 years .
In fact , layer of a little bit , the excitement from the election of the election and the revolutionary of the world 's gone look at the end of the way that we woke up with news about violence .
One day we 've been aware of the news of the meditation of the medina and the gravelocracy .
On the other day we woke up with news about the U.S. mission and the attack attacks .
On another way , we woke up with the Service and the U.S.
And every day , every day we woke up with the laws of civil forces and their communication violations of human rights with respecters , as respectless rules in their law .
Our societies , the members of the revolutionary , became more polarized , and so far away from the ideas , the cause of freedom , the dignity , the social dignity , we 're following at the beginning .
I didn 't have the stuff , the prediction and the newspapers became excellent symbols .
I 've come to this idea that you 're not going to inspire you with the story of the successful success of creating a list of stacks and stacks .
So I 'm here to admit that we 're all over the whole country , the wrong country has made wrong .
We didn 't priorit rights .
Because non-appropriate voting , stability or security .
Will the list of the locks and empowering between the candidate and women and peacekeepers and reconciliation ?
No , no .
So what did it help ?
Why we 're going to continue as a polarization and political dominated by politics and dominance politics , exceptions , both of men and women ?
Maybe it 's not just about the women of women , but also the value of compassion , compassion and tolerance .
Our societies need a national dialogue and our security building more than the election , just increases polarization and divide .
Our societies need to have the presence that we have the quality of the world more women than the need and numbers of the gender .
We need to do something like a lot of horses , stopworking .
We need to start acting like a lot of compassion and compassion .
We need to develop a feminology debate not only the fact that it 's actually a rather generous tolerance instead of strength , instead of competing , rather than instead .
These are the ideas that have a war that has been destroyed as a great need to get peace .
Because peace as the needle of the needle , it needs to take the presence , the intersection between the men and women .
That 's the real key .
And we need to set up the fact that before the political system .
According to a piece of the Koran " says , " Peace -- " -- from God 's God , filled with compassion . "
Next , " From " The " monkey " is known for the Arabic traditions of the original Arabic with the Arabic Arabic " -- " -- the computer -- -- show the sexuality -- how she wrapped the humanity where men and women , from every
And because the bowlure of fetus is growing in the heart , it 's the sacred edge of the errors of the entire feeding .
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance is correct . "
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance is winning .
May for each of us to be a serend of our compassion .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I was experiencing a little bit like a Alice in New York .
Nearly asked me , a teacher who taught a teacher to teach a student .
I was scared .
It 's actually fear . The big students , the big books and all of these strange words .
But when the open exchange exchange , I 've experienced experience that she 's experiencing when she falls down and caves led to a new world .
That 's what I felt when I was given to my students . I was amazed in their own ideas , and I want others to be the experience of this .
I believe that the key to the door to the world is the ability to communicate .
We 're not going to communicate with the scientists and engineers engineer to change the world .
The science and engineers who are dealing with the greatest challenge , from energy to the environment and medical , and we don 't know , and then I don 't know , and I 'm sure our responsibility , the people who aren 't specialized
But what 's effective is not going to happen if scientists and engineer cannot come into their own .
History and scientists engineer , let 's go to us .
I 'd like to share some of these decisions to make sure that we find the science of Los Angeles , sexy , attractive .
The first question : What ?
Why is science with us .
Don 't just say that he studied the bone , but let 's study the bone tissue , it 's like what we should do is because we should know to understand the disease and the treatment .
When I describe scientific method , let 's go out of language .
We 're going to stop us to understand your idea .
I can say , " We 're going to say , " U.S. , " but don 't you use your heart . "
To pretend ideas is not low .
Instead , like the U.K. said , " It 's all very simple , but it 's simpler .
Obviously , you could talk about the scientific issues that didn 't make ideas .
So you 're interested in for example , storytelling , that 's the way that 's the way to engage and make us excited interested .
And when you show that , don 't use your headache .
Have you ever wondered why , call them , " Walking heads ? "
When I 'm going to ask ? When you 're going to remove , and they 're killing , and they will kill his presentation .
A slide like this , not just boring , but it 's not too much too much in the language of the brain , causing us .
Instead , for example , this example of GGlvania Browne is actually better . It shows the very specific structure of the tissue that 's actually inspires unique design .
And the point here is that these simple sentences and the readers read audience that if they followed , and then use the image of the image to help us understand more profound things .
I think it 's just a few blocks that help us open the door and find the cosmology of science and technology .
My engineers worked in teaching me taught me to know how to know how to condem everything , so I want to summarize with a equation .
Take " scientist , " but the " headquarters , " and it 's " grabsolutely , " and sharing it , " which is the sharing interpretations of audiences , and that 's what you 're going to do
And therefore , scientists and engineer engineers , when you solve this equation , by all the way , let 's talk about eight to me .
Thank you .
Hello . I 'm Cameron , and in short short time , I 'm a pattern .
In fact , for 10 years .
And I felt a very uncomfortable pressure in this room because this wasn 't supposed to wear this .
Thankfully I had a different set of suit .
This is the first time that the person on the TED stage , so I think you 're lucky to see this .
If a couple of women feel frightened when I showed you , I don 't have to hear me right now , but I 'm going to know through Twitter .
I realized I was very fortunate to change what you think about me in the second 10 seconds .
We had no opportunity to do this .
The shoes shoe is not very comfortable , I 'm not going to wear them .
The worst part of this is the end of this venture capital because I 'm smiling , so I don 't do when it 's at me .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been served .
In fact , hopefully , it 's not just like this .
This image is powerful , but it 's also very fake .
I 've just completely changed what you think about me for six seconds .
And in this photograph , actually , I actually had no boyfriend in my life .
I felt not very comfortable at the time , and the photographer I asked me to do it , and he put it on his hand .
And of course , it 's the surgery , or the black-American sun , I 've got two days ago that I have a couple of days ago , there are very few pictures that we can do to change our appearance , and
So today , today , I don 't know what it means is true .
And I stood on stage because I am a prototype .
I stand on stage because I 'm beautiful , a white woman , and in the prototyeper , we call it a girl .
And I 'm going to answer questions that people ask me questions , but with real truth .
The first question is , how do I become a model ?
And I always always say , " Oh , I 've been discovered , but it doesn 't mean anything .
I actually became a model because I won winning the genetics , and I 'm an asskeeper , and maybe you 're wondering what 's going to do .
In the past decade , we 've redefined beauty is not healthy and youth and the balance that we 've been genetically to biologically as the height is , heights and female lines , and white .
So this is what I 'm going to do , and that 's how legacy I 'm going to make money on it .
I know that there are some of you who are being skeptical , and maybe some of them are beautiful , like , " Wait Wait . Nanim . Small . Wuan Wen . "
I want to tell you about your understanding of your models . It 's very impressive .
But unfortunately , I 'm going to tell you about 2007 , a graduate student in New York Times is that all the samples on the floor , and in the 677 samples , it 's 27 percent , only four percent , it 's
The next question that people ask me ask is : " Can you become a sample when you 're big ? "
And my first answer is : " You know , you don 't use it . "
But the next answer that I really want to talk about girls , " Why ? "
You know ? You can become anyone .
You can become a U.S. President , or who invent the next Internet , or a gistorian cardiologist , it 's going to be wonderful , because I 'm going to be the first person . "
If , after an interesting list , they 're saying , " No , no , Benjamin , I 'd like to be a prototype , " I 'm going to say , " Your boss 's boss . "
Because you don 't have any power ; they 're probably the editor of the New York Times or the director of Hindo , Mindine Stevenis .
I mean that they want to be a prototype when the adults grew up like the voice to say when I was growing up .
It 's out of control of it , and it 's great , but it 's not a way .
I 'm going to demonstrate you -- for 10 years of my experience I 've accumulate , because it 's not like a heart attack card , so just a short time .
If the photographer is standing there , and there 's the same light , just as a non-section user interface , and when we 're going to do that , " Do we want to photo image , " and this is the leg , and
Like this .
So hopefully , it 's less than the ones in the middle .
I don 't know what happens in that time .
Sorry after you learn , you write a blogs and you made a few things , you can 't say anything , because if you want to be the United States of the United States , but you 're going to be the president of the
The next question that people ask us to ask me : " Is it all the pictures that are correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct
Yes , it 's almost all of the pictures that are edited correct , but it 's just a small factor of what 's going on .
This is one of the first images that I 've been asked , I 've been taking a picture , and I didn 't even have this cycle anymore .
I know that we 're going to go into the individual , but when I 'm a little girl .
This is my appearance , her aspect of months .
This is me in the same day when photograph photograph .
My friend came along me .
This is me at a couple of days before the shooting of France .
This is me with a team in the V.P.
And this is now .
I 'm hoping that you 're looking out -- these pictures are not pictures of me .
These are pictures of imagery , and it 's been shaped by a group of professionals , these micro-costists , specialists , specialists , photographer and philosophists and all of their assistants , and they 're building , and they
The next question I 've asked many people ask is : " What are you for free ? "
I 've got a lot of my 20ths , I 'm not going to wear , at the exceptions , but the extra thing that I 've got is that I 've got to have in real life , and that 's
I grew up in Cambridge , and time , I went to my shop , and I forgot the money , and they gave me the money , and they had given me a waste .
When I was a teenager , I was sitting in a carriage who was a very fright driver , and she fought the red lights , and we had to red , and all of what I did was saying , " Sorry the police , "
I had those things that were available to my appearance , not because I am , and I 'm willing to have a lot of money for their appearance , not because they were .
I live in New York , and I 've been in the last year , in the midst adolescence of arrests and arrested , there 's a 96 percent of the black and people , the majority of teenagers .
In New York , there are 177 black people and the people , so for them , the question is not , " Am I caught ? "
" What I 'm going to get caught ? "
When I was preparing about this talk , I discovered that 53 percent of her 13-year-old girls in the U.S. didn 't like their bodies , and the numbers went to 78 percent when they 17 .
The last question that people ask me ask is : " How when you 're being ? "
I think what they want to hear is " If you 're thin a little bit , and your hair you eat more , you 're going to be happy and . "
And when we 're at the end of the chicken , we gave the answers to the same sort of thing .
" It 's amazing to travel , and working with creative people , inspirational and passionate . "
And that 's true , but it 's just half of it , because what we 've never been talking about before tube , which I 've never said before tube tube , is : " I 'm anxious . "
I was because I had to think about my image every day .
And you 've got yourselves ask yourself , " If your thighes your thighs and your hair , you 're happier ? "
You just want to meet a group of samples , because they 've got the legest legs , the most beautiful hair and the most beautiful , and they 're probably the most women who are on the planet .
When I wrote this talk , I felt very hard to find out of balance , because a face , I felt very uncomfortable , when I 'm going to say , " I 've got all these things because I 'm so fortunate to the
But it 's mainly that it 's really hard to do a little bit of a gender and gender , while I 'm one of the greatest benefit .
But I 'm also glad , and I 'm thinking about it , I think it 's luckily , I 've been before I 've been to before 10 , 20 or 30 years , and I 've been working with a lot
If there 's something that comes up in this conversation , I hope it 's all that we all feel much more comfortable when the power of our understanding of our understanding of success and our failure .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
We don 't click each person around , so there are lots of wisdom that are never known , even though we share public spaces .
So several years ago , I 'm trying to learn more ways to share with my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paper , paper , paper and paper .
And these projects come from questions like me , like , my neighbor has to pay for their houses ?
How do we take a borrower and more borrowing things at the end of the time ?
How do we share more than our memories of abandoned buildings , and our understanding better know about our landscape ?
And how do we share more than our hopes of the faculty stores , and our communities are able to reflect our need and our dreams ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in New Orleans .
Because my mind always always be emulated by the trees that are huge , and the summary of the beloved , and the people who are and drunkers and hundreds of years , and I believe in the city where the music has always
I felt like whenever someone 's sneaks , New Orleans have a whole march .
There 's a number of the most beautiful structures of the world in the world , but it also has the largest number of values in the U.S.
I live up with this house , and I think I can do it to become more beautiful than my neighborhood , and I also think about something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost my beloved loved loved .
My name was Joan , and she was a mother to me , and her death was unexpected .
And I thought about death , and this makes me a sense of gratitude for some time I had , and bring it to the meaning to my life now .
But I struggled to see this in my daily life .
I feel like it 's very easy to get through yesterday , and it 's missing what really matters to you .
So with the help of the old friends and new , and I moved to the left of this wilder into a giantboard , and it turns out with a certain-changer , and it 's a very clear-changer-changer
I don 't know what to look from this trial , but in the next day , the walls were completely covered , and it continued continued .
And I 'd like to share some things about what people write on the wall .
" Before before I die , I wanted to try to go . "
" Before before I die , I wanted to be based on the day of the day . "
" Before before I die , I wanted to get millions of people . "
" Before before I die , I wanted to grow a plant . "
" Before I die , I wanted to live out there . "
" Before before I die , I wanted to be saved that she was once again . "
" Before I die , I 'd like to be someone 's family . "
" Before I die , I 'd like myself . "
So that 's not going to be this malign that has been into an artificial space , and hopeful and dreams of people who made me laugh laughing , their tears , and they comfort me during our tough times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone .
It 's about understanding of us around us and ways .
It 's about creating space reflecting and reflecting , and remember what 's most significant to us when we grow up and changed .
I 've been doing this last year , and I started getting hundreds of letters from people who wanted to do a wall in their communities , so the central people centers and centers , and now the walls were being done in the country , including Kaz
Together , we 've just been our public spaces of how we have given the opportunity to get a voice and share a lot more than others .
The most important two thing we have is the time and our relationships with other people .
In the age of the rising age of diffusion , it 's more important than ever to find out how to maintain the way of thinking and remember that life is short and soft .
Something death is something we 're not encouraged to talk about or even think of , but I 've been aware that I prepared for death is one of the most powerfulties you can do .
Think about death .
The spaces that are shared our shared spaces of what we 're able to do is reflected reflections of what happens to us as individuals , and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fear and narratives and narratives ,
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I 'm doing mathematics , and this is another problem with anyone whoever mathematics , and we 're like a consultancy consultants .
Nobody knows what we do .
So today , I 'm going to try to try to explain to you what I do .
Yes , dance is one of the dynamic that people normally do .
We love to encourage the dancers of the Landers and the foot of the leg that you see .
It 's a three-quarters of a special professional equation and high degree and can degree a match that 's relevant to genetics .
It 's sad , disorders like Parkinson 's treating this ability , like what 's going to give you the Strippling , the one person , a three-year-old artists .
For the past several years has been tremendous progress in treatment .
Yet , 63 million people globally , and they had to live in the immense of immense , trep , sulfurlessness and other symptoms , with the disease . What we need is the tools to detect the disease .
We need to measure the progress , and the end , the only way that we know when we actually have a treatment , and when we 're really politically correctly , and we 've got a legitimate method .
But it 's really frustrated with Parkinson 's disease and other disorders , they don 't have biology , so it 's not going to be the simplest method of what you can do , and the best one that we 've got
You need to go to the hospital to do it . It 's very expensive , it 's a lot of this test tube , it 's never been done .
But if the patient could do this test ?
And that 's actually going to take a trip to the clinic , and if you can replicate itself , well ?
Unlike the golden staff of employees employees .
Only 300 of 300 , it 's going to be doing this test in the operating room with the Royistor .
So what I want to propose is that a traditional pilot is that we can achieve this , because as you see , at least some way , we 're all physicians like Striped .
Here we 've got a video of the barburn .
That 's why this is healthy and somebody 's saying , and we 're able to look like these three-dimensional technologies , because we have to do all the senses when we make the sound , and we all actually have genetic genes for it
It 's like three , it needs to be specific .
I mean , how long it takes a long time .
From the sound , we can literally track the location tracking vibrations , when the limb is governed by the Parkinson 's impact .
So in the lower chart underneath , you can see an example of an unusual vibration of the cord .
We see the symptoms .
We 're anxious , the malle and the fiber .
It 's more likely to be more and more a lot more than a time , and that 's one of the symptoms for example .
These effects effects can be detected , in some cases , but with any kind of digital field , and the analytical analytical analytical computer , the current state of the new machine , the current state today , we 're able to quantify
So how do we test these based on this voice to compare with a clinical trial ? They are both different places .
The experiment of neuroscience is not intrinsically . They use the infrastructure .
You don 't need to design a whole new operating system that 's completely done .
And both of them are accurate . But one more thing based on the voice is not professional expertise .
That means that it can be done .
fast fast , just about 30 seconds .
The low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something becomes cheap , it 's going to be universal .
So this is a wonderful goal that I think we can do now .
We can reduce the need for the patients .
I don 't have to go to the room to check the lab .
We can do the observations with high frequencies to get data .
We can do employers employees with a low-costructive to try to do clinical trials , which is based on the scale of the population 's population .
We have a chance to start finding the biomumines of the disease before it 's too late .
So , to implement the first step towards this , we 're giving rise to the DARPA effect .
With the Tulabul and Patent ALLeviews , we aimed to record the voices of a lot of globally globally to capture data and start afocative .
We had local population , accessible to the third of one billion people on the planet .
Anyone who is healthy or susceptible to be cheap to the cheap price , and leave it a few times , and I 'm pleased to announce announce announce announce that we 've achieved six percent of the eight target
Thank you .
Tom Ran : So , Maxle , by taking all of the models for the pedestrian 10,000 people , you can give anyone who are healthy and anyone ?
What are you going to conclude ?
Maxle : Yeah . Yes , what happens is , when you call you yourself or not .
You see , some people might not do it . They can 't call it .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of garbage data collection from all different cases , and the results outcome in the new case is important because then we looked at the fences of the collective elements , and searches the real signals of
So atomic accuracy ?
Pretty much .
In fact , my graduate student Pasisis , I had to praise him , because he did some great work , he 's proved that this could be done on cellphones , and that 's what this project is done , and
Ninetyy . Yes , a progress .
So , that means that people will be able to be able to call themselves phones from their mobile phones and doing this test , and those who have Parkinson can call their voice , their voice voices , and then the doctor can be tested their development ,
Exactly .
Thank you very much . Hanan Sufan Little .
Thank you , Tom .
I live in the South Central .
This is the South Central , the door of wine , fast food , fast food .
So the planner of cities were together and they decided to make the South names to bring it meaning . And so they changed the Hotelian tube , as if it 's going to solve the problems in the city .
This is South Los Angeles .
A lot of wine , fast food , fast food .
Like more like 265 million Americans , I live in a desert of food deserts , the home of Los Angeles , the home of the fast food served fast food and sticking accidents .
So what 's interesting is that fast-growing fast-and-growing is killing more people than accidents .
In South Los Angeles Los Angeles , people are dying because of diseases can cure .
For example , obesity , in the region , I 've been in the last hundred times more than the Hears , it 's about 16 kilometers .
I happen when I had to see this happen .
And I ask myself , how do you feel when you don 't have the food for health , whenever each time out of the doors , you have to see the bad impacts that you 're doing ?
I saw the wheelchair was bought like a old car .
I saw the blood centers out there .
And I realized that that was the end .
I realize that the problem is the solution .
In fact , it 's the problem and it 's also a solution .
And so I 'm also tired of dealing with being able to drive a 45 minutes to buy a non-sectionless apple .
What I did was a vegetable forest in front of the house .
It 's on the ground that we call the path .
It 's more than 50 meters .
The problem is that it 's the city .
But you have to keep it .
So I thought , " Wow . I can do what I want , because it 's my responsibility and I must have to keep it . "
And this is how I looked in that way .
I joined with my team , the fragments of the L.A. , and we went together and started to plant the forest plant : food , you know , both nine vegetables .
So we 're a group of shared teamwork , including gardensus from many different lives , from all in the city , and they 're completely free , and everything we 've done free .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
Then there is a complaining .
So the next city came to me , and I 'm going to give me a texture , requesting me to take a garden . That 's become the size of the court .
And I like , " Hey , " Really ? "
One hundred buys on the land of the land where people don 't care about ? "
And I said , " Yeah . I 'm here . "
Because this is not .
And then the L.A. B.A. believed , believe Liversell wrote a paper article about it , and discussing the Olympic committee , and one of the candidate members of the green lines send a piece of
We had a winner in the hands .
So the council council is even more call and saying that they 're going to work and what we 're doing .
I mean , well , why don 't you ?
L.A. America led to the city of the city .
They owned 42,000 squares .
It 's about 20 times the central stage .
enough to grow 75 million pounds .
How can they serve it ?
Trite a plant for you , 1,000 seeds .
When you have a dollar amount of dollars worth of a dollar , you 're going to give you a product of a product .
That 's my faith , when I say to people , let 's grow me to grow myself .
Rejective food for the same as much money .
I have a legacy in China .
I grew up there . I raised my boys .
And I refused to make a part of the reality that made this , which made me by some other people . And I 'm building myself .
I 'm a artists .
My garden is my art . I make my work .
Like the same as an artist 's an artist , the person rushed for the walls , and I , I 'm going to give the lawns , the pathway .
I 'm using a garden , as a cloth , and plant trees and trees trees , and I 'm going to show you something about it .
You 're going to surprise with what the soil can do if you turn them into the fabric .
You can 't imagine how wonderful it looks like and how they affect them .
So what happened ?
I 've witnessed my garden to become a tool , a tool for the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the soil .
We are the ground .
You 're amazing .
So the gardens is the best job and the challenge you can do , especially in the inner .
With you , you 're autized .
I remember once , there was a mother and a daughter , and it was about 10 : 30 and they were in my garden , and I went out and they 're shameful .
I think , well , I feel terrible because they 're there , and I told them , and two people know , don 't have to do it .
This orchid on the road is its cause .
I feel ashamed when I saw that there are so close to me that I 've been hungry , and it 's been more just trying to do the reason for me to do this . People ask me . " Fin , you 're
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're new on the street .
The whole idea is the idea .
I want them to pick them them , but at the same time , I want them to be healthy . "
There 's another time when I made a garden at the center of Los Angeles .
These men , they helped me from the truck .
And it 's not funful , and they shared stories stories about gardening things that have been impacting them and they 've been vegetable with their mothers , and she 's been great to see that this idea has changed them , even
So the green land has continued to grow around 20 .
We had about 50 people to the ground , and all of them were proud .
If the kids grow them , they 're going to eat them .
If they grow them , they 'll eat the tomatoes .
But if not one of them to show them , if they don 't see the impact on the brain and the body , they 're going to eat whatever they 're going to put on the face .
I saw the young people who wanted to work work , but they 're getting back into something that I 've been exposed to see the colorful and they 're going to follow the path that they 're shaped by the way .
With gardening , I saw a chance that we could take children to their communities , and there is sustainable lives .
And when we do that , who knows ?
Maybe we 're going to produce birth George Washington .
But if we don 't change the part of the Earth , we 're never going to do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I want to do .
I want to make a garden where people can share the food .
I 'd like to take a lot of Pac-rays of goods , and they turn into a cafeter cafe .
Don 't get me wrong .
I don 't talk about stuff free , because free are not sustainable .
The interesting thing about sustainability , is that you have to maintain it .
I 'm talking about work for people , and pull kids kids out of the city , and give them joy , pleasure and pleasure honored food to me , open farmers .
What I want to do here , we 're going to do that .
I want all of us to become the blue flags , these gardening garden .
We 're going to change the notion of glory .
If you don 't have to make a garden , you don 't have to be the glucle .
To do your gloomy with your taste , okay ?
And let 's turn it into weapons .
I mean , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet , don 't call me , if I want to sit on the couch and you 're talking about where you talk about doing this , and you talk
If you want to meet me , let 's go along with your grip and you 're going to grow something .
Thank you . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya from southern Country National Park .
And after I 'm a cramar of my father , and behind the cow , and the U.K. Country .
Ninety Nairobi is not insured on the large areas of the South , and that means that wildlife is the same thing as the escape blocks out of the park .
And so the animals are eating like lions lions , and this is what these lions are doing .
We kill our cattle .
This is one of the cracks that were killed in evening , and when I woke up in the morning , and I found it , and I felt very upset , because that 's the only female that we have .
My colleague , Maasai , believes , believes that we came from heavens with all of our animals and all the soil to go to them , that 's why we 're so important .
So I grew up with a hatred death row .
Vaiish Maiaiish us to protect our communities and ourattle , and worry about this .
So they killed lions .
This is a six-year-old daughter .
And I think this is why the lions is at the National Nice Nairobi County .
Every child went from six to nine , in my community , I 'm responsible to keep my postcards , and I had to do the same thing .
So I have to find ways to tackle this problem .
The first idea that I 've got is fire , because I think the fear of fire .
But then I realized that I didn 't actually work , because it 's even a bird to see the cow .
But I didn 't quit . I kept thinking .
And my second idea is that vision .
I 've tried to beat those lions [ [ ] ] I think I 'm standing up .
But lions are smart .
On the first day and saw the look , and then they go back , but the second day , they came up and saying that this wasn 't moving , it always been there .
And then the jump and fell in the kills .
So in a night , I held a branching trees around the cracks , in the day , the lions is not .
I discovered that the fear of light .
So I had a idea .
I mean , I 've been working in my room , I 've been working on in my room , and I 've even had a whole new radio of my mother , and she was almost like me killed , but I learned a lot about
So I took a battery of an exquiscing a car box . It was a little found in a car , and it tries to find motorcycle when they want to turn off the left . Right .
And I had a switch to switch off and lights .
And it 's a little light from a flashlight .
And I put everything .
As you can see , the solar battery of the battery and the battery of the battery , and the battery is resilienting for the box of the box . I call it an airplane .
And the box is made to the light .
As you see , these bubbles are pointing out , because it 's the entomination .
And that 's how the light goes back to the night .
The lightbulbs and the chefare makes them think that I 'm walking around the cow , but actually I 'm sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
I installed it at home two years ago , since we 've never met any problems with lions .
The families have heard of this idea of this idea .
One of them was this lady .
She had a lot of comments who had been killed , and she asked me if I could help her to show the shadows .
I said , " Yes . "
So I installed the lights . You can see in the back behind , they 're the lions .
So far , I helped to put my family in my community , and they work function .
Now my idea has been used across all of us to get rid of other animals like eating hyena , newspapers , and it 's also used to be allowed to avoid the agricultural portraits of the people .
Because this invention , I 've been fortunate to learn in one of the best schools in Kenya , in the U.S. economy , and I 'm really excited about this .
My new school was going to help help and raise awareness .
Even I 've led my friends in my community , and we put the lights to the households to the households of the households to reach it and I teach them to put them .
One year ago , I was just a little boy in the original board Personal , I had seen a plane flying , and I said to myself that one day , I 'm going to be sitting inside it .
And I 'm here today .
I had a chance to go to the first time to go to TED .
My biggest dream is to be an airplane and commercial pilot .
I 've been to hate lions , but now because my inventions of a study of lions and lions lions , we can live with lions without any conflict .
That 's what hurts . For my language , it 's meant so much .
I don 't know it 's amazing to listen to your story .
So , you 've got this scholarship . Yes .
She 's doing different inventions .
Amndering in your list ?
I 'm going to have to come up to him , and I 'd like to do a fences . There are some fence ?
I know it 's already already been invented , but you want to do your own .
I tried , and no , and let 's see it before , but I 've been fascinated for power .
Richard Turk .
We 're going to do the grandchildren in your grandchildren , you guys .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do , and what I 'm going to do about my life -- my life -- it 's been in the middle of the year at work .
From 1979 to 1977 -- it 's a 7600 -- so I 'm not so not -- not -- -- I 've been working on Zambia , Kenya , I 'm in Tory Coast , Alvia
I 've worked for NGOs and the project we 've created in Africa .
I was so fortunate .
At 21-year-old , I think , well , people who are good , and we 're working in Africa .
But instead of us , we destroy everything we 're in .
The first project , which was inspired for my first book , " The wave of wave from the Zambba , " It 's a project in the people who decided to teach people to think about Zambia .
So we 'd like to do with Zambambam with seeds like water from the United States , and it 's a beautiful valley in Los Zambba , and we taught people to cultivate and cultivate and cult
Of course , the local people who were interested in doing this work , so we paid them , and sometimes they were working on .
We 're really amazing about local people , in the valley Valley like this .
But instead of why they don 't grow anything , we 're simply saying , " Thank God you 're here . "
" It 's time to save people in Zambia . "
And of course , everything in Africa are pretty good .
We had a great tomato sauce . Italian , it 's a tomato sauce . It 's Zambia .
It 's incredible , and we said to the Zambia , " Everybody who have no idea that there are no money . "
When the tomato sauce started initiative , nine , and there are red colors , just one night , about 200 miles from the bottom of the river and the cleaner .
We said to people like Zambia , " Oh my God , these shrimp ! "
And people said , " Yes , that 's why we didn 't grow anything here . "
" Why don 't you give us before ? " Have you ever asked . "
I think there 's only one person who 's a lot of people in the African country , but then when I look at what the Americans who are doing , the people who are doing , people who are doing , and after seeing seeing what they
Because , you see , we 're just eating a little bit of the ice .
You should look at the Drawn -- -- so you should look at what we 've given for granted Africans .
You want to read that book , let 's read " monkey " Great Deady , " written by the Masba , a woman who taught .
The book was discovered in 2009 .
We , the Western aid districts brought over Africa , two billion dollars in the past 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you how much that money has gone .
Let 's find her book .
And it comes from a African woman , the damage that we have .
The Westerners , we 're the ones of the nationalism , in fact , and we 're only two ways to treat with others : or conservation , or defend .
The two sources of " Laure " , " which means " dad . "
These are different types of meaning .
Now , this is what I 'm treating to anyone from another culture as if they were me . " I love them . "
I 'm treating a lot of people from my culture culture .
That 's why the white person in Africa is called " Hearwana " , " boss .
I 'm like when I read my face , reading a book , " but it 's beautiful , " written by the Schacher , saying , in fact , in terms of economic growth , if others don 't help help .
This is supposed to be the first rule of aid .
The first rule of aid is important .
Today , this organization would put a stick figure out of the house , and said , " Are we going to be -- and we 're talking about a city that aren 't a new meaning ?
When I was 27 years old , I decided to respond to the people and I made a system called the Entertrack Foodil , where you 're not going to take anything , you 're not going to motivate , but
So what do you do -- you go .
Never costs to a community with ideas , you sat with the local friends .
We don 't work from the office .
We met in the cafe .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we 've done is to become the friends of each other , and find out what that person wants to do .
The most important thing is aspirational .
You can give someone an idea .
So if you don 't want to do , how do you do ?
It 's the only human aspirational women for the development of the best .
The aspirational aspiration of the world 's evolution is the most important thing .
And we helped them to know , for example , because nobody in the world can be successful alone .
The idea has not been sure , but the understanding has always been .
So a lot of years ago , I have this idea : Why don 't we just , just once , instead of , instead of a community , and saying to people who should do , why don 't , listen , they listen to them ?
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem in public meetings .
These entrepreneurs never arrived , and they don 't give you any time , in the community meetings , what they want to do with their money , what they 're going to do .
So there 's a certain plan .
The best part of the community you don 't know because they 're not going to come to the public meetings .
What we do is we do a little bites , and to do that , you have to create a social structure .
You have to create a new industry .
A new kind of a professional family , for example , doctors , family membership jobs , who sat on your friends , at the table in the kitchen , in cafe cafe , and help you find those resources resources to make your hope into a
I started as a trial experiment in the Eperge , Australia .
I 'm following a philosophin scholar at the time at the time , trying to avoid away from the patrade that 's going to come and told you what to do .
So what I 've been doing in the first year at Palean is the only way on the road , and in three days , I 've got the first cliented in the garage , named Sriota , and I helped him
And I helped those who appreciate how to work together and sell them the tuna of this stuff that 's not going to be the MBS community with a 60 , but we found the way to sell them to the U.K. to
In a year , I had a Democratic project and the government government came to me , " How did he do ?
And how do you do ? — " And I said , " I 've worked very hard .
I 'd like my mouth , and listen to them . "
So -- -- so government 's government to me , " Yes . "
We 've done in 300 million people around the world .
We helped started a lot of work .
There 's a new entrepreneurial generation who are failing for isolation .
Peter Dleaner , one of the best interviews in the history , through 96 years old , a few years ago .
Peter Ducky is a philosophical professor before business involved in business , and this is something that Peter Ducker says : " What 's not really going to do with a society and a business economy . "
It 's more than death .
So right now , you 're reconstructed inchmarks that don 't know that the most effective ones in thechurch want to do with money to their money .
You have to learn how to find those people to find to you .
You have to give them to privacy security privacy , privacy , you must be really excited when they help them , and they 're going to come up in the crowds .
For a human community , we can have about 200,000 people .
Couldn 't be able to imagine a community of 400,000 people , and the intelligent civilization and the aspiration ?
What are you going to be a lot of you in the morning ?
In the geographics , the people who are hungry . That 's what you 've been handed .
So what I 'm talking about is the business of the entrepreneurial enterprise .
We 're at the end of the first end of the Industrial Revolution -- with the non-appropriate of the world , and we 're not going to replicate , and conflict , we have these systems .
It 's not sustainable .
It turns out to break stuff that is not sustainable .
What we 've got to look at that is how we 're going to feed it , treatments , education , contact and revenues for seven people in sustainability .
There 's no technology .
Could are going to be going to make the technology of the green revolution ? The universities ?
The government ?
It 's going to be the cause , and they 're doing it right now .
There 's a funny story that I 've read about a certain years ago .
There are a group of experts who invited to discuss the future of New York City .
And in the 1860 , the group of people came together , and the guesswork of what 's going to happen to the city in New York City in the next 100 years , and the only conclusion is the following : the New York City
Why ? Because they look at the curve on the chart and says , if the population growth is going to do this , and to move the population of the New York City , they 're going to need to have six million children , and it '
They 're going to be balzed in the horse .
So in the 1860s , they saw the technology of this technology , which makes the life in New York City .
So what happened ? Well , in the 40 40 years , in 1900 , in the U.S. , there are about 1,100 companies of production companies -- the,1001 .
The idea of finding a different technology that has completely moved on all of this and have little tiny little women in the state .
Deborn , the Busch .
However , there 's a mystery to do with entrepreneurship .
First of all , you have to bring them to security .
No , they 're not going to be talking about talking to you .
Then you have to bring them to a absolute services , separate and enthusiastic .
And then you have to tell them the truth .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product you 'd like to sell a kid , you have to have a new marketing strategy , and you have to have a financial crash .
Think about it ?
We 've never met a single person in the world , the person who can do it sells and sell the money .
That doesn 't exist .
This has never been born .
So we did a study , and we looked at 100 companies on the Carroque , the Montoos , charcoal , Edison , Ford , Ford , New York , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all companies companies in the world is available , it 's one : It 's a company to start with one person .
Now we teach taught about the adolescence of the ages of 16-year-old in North America , and we started teaching by the first two of the earliestations of Bandran , and work at the age of 16-year-old
Never have ever since word , " and I 'm saying , " We have 32 times .
He didn 't start alone .
We started buying a company . Nobody else .
So we can create a community where there are some of the people who have assistants experience in the cafe , in the cafe , and alcohol , and you 're dedicated to your friends who 's going to show you who talk about people
What can you do ? What do you do ?
okay , you can sell it ? You can manage money ?
" Oh , no , I couldn 't do this . " Do you want me to find somebody else ? "
We activate the community .
We 've got a lot of volunteers to help Enlightenate Fili , and help us find out resources and human beings and we discovered that the magic of human beings as something as if you can challenge the culture and the public experience of
Thank you .
Up until March , 2011 , I made an edit in New York City .
We are blue creatures .
The hidden in the dark room is not the window , and it 's a lot of sunlight .
We 've got people to thin thinner , skin beautiful , more beautiful , it 's impossible to be able to be able to do , and it 's always been pointing above newspapers , but we also have a talented artists with a lot
On January of the 2011 , it was tracking the world in the house , and I saw the incredible events in Japan .
Then , I volunteered the Hard Handand-and-and-director , in some days that day to the marketplace .
I , hundreds of volunteers are not only sitting at home , so I decided to join with them three weeks .
On a 13th , I went to the town of the Lucis .
It 's a little village that I 'd like to be a little bit of a microbankton , and about the population of 50,000 people , one of the first places in influences .
The water supply here is recorded to 600 meters , and goes beyond three miles in the land .
Maybe the display , the town was destroyed .
We pulled from the channel channel , the hole .
Forting school , sanitation , ready to go for innovation and recover .
We cleaned a ton of tunafish and a solar cell from the local fish .
We 're leming , but we 're also happy .
In a lot of weeks , volunteers and teachers joined the same thing .
They searched pictures and photos and photos and Ray and SMD .
All of them .
They 've been collecting and they traded them to protect the spaces around the world .
It 's not the time that I 've learned about these pictures are a very personal part of the very large sphere .
When you roll the wave , to keep the computer , they put everything , all the things are being thrown behind .
On the weekends of the first week , I went to help a downtown in the town .
I 'm helping a lot of water hot water water , the giant bathtub .
It 's also where the slums centers has been collecting pictures .
This is where people are intersecting them , and then I take a moment because they 're trust me to allow them to help them clean pictures .
It 's so moved and so forth . Before , I heard , I think I think it 's going to think outside of the framework , but only when I actually experienced something that magic happens .
When I look across images , there 's some more than 10 hundred years old , some of them still envelope from the room . I think , is an editorial editor who I can fix it and whispost , and I
So dark , I go to Facebook and ask a couple of people , and I 'm going to get a lot of positive feedback , I knew it 's going to work .
We started to fix this image .
This is the first .
It 's not just malignant , but it 's not maligned to face the face of her face , has to be treated with accuracy .
If not , girls 's not going to look like a baby , and certainly it 's awful bad news .
In the time , it 's a lot of time , a lot of great images , and it needs some editors , so , again , I 've been Facebook and Facebook LinkInI , in the next five days , I found
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , it 's moved to the Architecture , we 've extended the unreports of the Skuzu Tata , and far from the north of the Yamily .
Every week , we 're installed in our library in the libraries of the paste , so that people will come back to our photos .
The older women are not even seen before scanner , but after 10 minutes , he 's going to take a picture of their feelings , bringing us to scan , uploading a cloud , to download it by a barbein , a stranger ,
Time spent the order to restore a whole story , and it 's clearly depends on harmony .
Maybe one hour . Maybe it died .
Maybe it takes months .
The hollowo in this image was nearly close to hand arm , handed , from the color and parts of detail and not restored .
It takes a time .
Now , all these images had been hurted , and drowned in water in the salt water , covered with bacteria , in the country , sometimes in oil , sometimes during the oil , they 're going to continue more harmful . So clean
We couldn 't fix if we hadn 't been done , and dry and improvements .
We 've met with a hand of hands .
There 's an amazing woman who has led to us .
It 's very easy to harm these images .
My team Woneys used to say : It 's like tattoos for someone .
You don 't have the wrong chance .
The woman gave us the ones that have been lucky , when they can be recovered .
She 's cleaned cleaned and stopping when you realize it 's been more harmful .
And she had a copy of this image .
Otherwise , places like the husbands and face her face , will never be able to be able to recover , just maybe put them closer to another one image , and repeatedly invisible .
When we leave the images from us , she 'd been sharing a little bit of our talents .
These pictures of her husband findings in a firefight , between the pieces of fragments from the long-lawaway , and they realize him .
Once you go into the tsunami , you 're responsible with the grip .
He had to go out of the water line .
These two little kid , little girls are not too small , two young children are in school , two schools .
A child is stuck in water .
When a week , she finds them , and she knew that they were survived .
So I went back to her , she was a day of her 14-year-old son .
For her , after all of these , these pictures are the perfect gift for a kid , something that 's going to look back , to remember the pastment of the fear that 's been discouraged by the day , when the entire
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers have been called National Handy , where hundreds of thousands of billions are cleaned cleaned over 135,000 pictures of photography , the vast majority of the U.S. , the vast majority
More than five percent of the global prayer has helped paid more than 90 families , hundreds of photos have been completely recover and correct correct .
In this time , we 're not nearly $ 10,000 dollars for equipment and materials , mostly expenses .
We repeated imaging .
Every image of someone reminded about somebody or something , a place , a relationship , a loved .
They 're all our everyday memories and our narratives , and we 're the same thing that we 've also gotten to do , and the first thing we go back to search .
That 's the meaning of this whole project , recovering the little bits of humanity , bringing those connections to bring someone else .
And when a photograph of this replaced , it 's going to make a big transformative in the lives of people .
Project is also a big difference in our lives .
For some people , they had been connected to something big , for something something , using their own something for something more than the ones and the skin membranes .
I want to read a email to finish this talk . This email from Cindy , a person who helped me , I sent me back from a sixth after six months .
" When I work , I don 't without thinking about myself and the stories of the images .
There 's a photograph , a lot of generations of women in young houses , from the young children , growing around a baby , beating me my home because I 've had a similar picture of my face , my mom , my mom , my mom
On the other side , for any time , our chances needs to be the same , right ? "
Thank you .
I 'm at the depth of 50 feet below an illegal mine .
We 're not mundaneous dust , and it 's very hard .
I can feel the interconnect from the trump of sweeping through the darkness , but nothing more .
I heard a voice , but it 's almost like the mix of the rock and the voice of the rock and the voice of breaks .
Like people , I 'm wearing a battery of a cheap battery , and it 's been embedded in the old rubber , and I 'm almost impossible to see what the shadow is not against the walls of the mo28282
When I shake my hand , I 'm a recurrentice of the new couple of days ago that had a couple of days ago had been handed down with that .
When I talk to you today , these people are still in the wormade , but risk of life without any better , and usually it will die .
I 'm climbed out of the hole , and it 's been home , but they 're probably not going to be home , because it 's in the slave .
In the last 28 years , I documented the local literature of local culture in the United States on the continent of the continent , and the year I had been honored to be the exhibition of the exhibition in the U.S.3
Among the astonishing talents that I met there , I met an advocate for the Council , which is a member of the embodied article of modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and actually , I began to understand the slave because I knew that it existed in the world , but it 's not .
After the talk , I find the terrible truth and actually shameful because of ignorance in my life , and I think , if I don 't know , how many people don 't know ?
It starts to mind like a couple of weeks , so few weeks later , I went to Los Angeles Angles to meet the director and release their help .
And from the beginning of the modern world .
The strange thing is that I 've been part of these places .
Some of the places I think like myself .
But this time , I 'd like to see the fact that I 'm going to cover .
One estimates for us to know that 27 million people have been turned into the world in the world today .
The vast majority of people have been transported from Africa in the slime Minister of the slime Minister .
150 years ago , a farm was three-year-old farmer for a year .
The $ 100,000 dollars .
But today , a lot of family generations have been ensuring in a lot of generations with a $ debt .
It 's amazing , modular modifies that $ 13 billion dollars per year .
A lot of people were fooled by the promise of their education , the better job , just to find myself alone under the violence , and not escape .
Because the day is serving serving commercialization , the people that the people who have created the value , but they created them as a waste .
The slaves of nowhere is everywhere in the world , even though it 's illegal everywhere .
In India and Nepal , I 'm given to a brick .
This is the scene of this beautiful look like this in Egypt and Egyptian Hane .
So wrapped in temperature than 54 degrees , men , women , children , children , all of the families , in the mamaina , and as the factory , folds up to the beginning , and he 's going to take them to
It 's because of the closet and the strength , they 're quiet , and repeatedly repetition to 16 or 17 hours per day .
There 's no food , it 's going to take a diet to eat water , so it 's so severe loss .
It 's a lot of dust and dust spread everywhere , my camera is so hot to the end of the wheel .
For 20 minutes , I had to run back to the back-hand combat vehicle to get them under the pace of healing , and when I sat there , I think , my camera is better than many other people .
Back in the obeus , I just wanted to cry , but the man who had the meantdoor beside beside me , and I said , " L.S , don 't do this . Don 't do it . "
He explained that it 's very dangerous at this place , not to me , with them .
I couldn 't directly directly for them .
I don 't give them money , nothing .
I don 't have to do that .
I can put them into a situation situation .
I have to rely on the organization to operate in the system to try to release them , and I believe them .
For me , I 've got to wait to get home to the fact that I 'm really passionate .
In Himalayas , I saw children rolls across the mountain miles down to the side of the trucks .
The heavy sheet of children are more than children , they pick them up using their heads from the woods and string and fabric .
And the bias is so heavy .
How can we make this happen , that 's the same thing ?
Some people even don 't know what I 've been turned into ensaves , they 're doing not 16 , 17 hours per day , because their entire life knew .
They have nothing to compare .
When the liberal village , liberal their own homes .
These aren 't nothing , they 're dying , they want to invest , but they 're in the middle of nowhere , and the people who are in the middle of the community , and the followers , the followers , in the middle
We often think about prostacy slavery when we hear the word " slaves " , and therefore this general wisdom , I 'm almma alleged to do safe in this industry .
In Kandmand , I was supported by the women who were women .
They took me down to the staircase in the basementway , in the light .
It 's not really .
It 's more like a restaurant .
These restaurants , like , in the field , it 's the location of prostitutes raped .
Every little location , the slaves , women , young women and girls , a seven-year-old , and the seven-year-old , they 're going to win for a customer , for example , buy wine and wine food .
On the bedroom and the darkened , it 's caused by the way by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way
The person who 's been more likely to be sexual to be underbelly .
In the dark dark , that I remember feeling of fear , and that moment , I 've learned it in jail .
There 's only one : a staircase staircase .
There is no door .
There 's nothing big enough windows .
These people don 't have any trouble , when we 're talking about it difficult , they need to remember that slave , including slavery slavery , sex happens , where we live .
tens of thousands of people are being slavery in the midstar , in the restaurant , in the restaurants , in the house , in the house , in the house , and the long list .
Recently , the New York Times reported that it 's almost 100,000 to 100,000,000 children who are sold every slavery every year .
It 's around us . We just don 't see it .
The textiles is often thought to hear about the slaves .
I 've been a lot of villages villages in India , where many families have been ensuring in the drug trade .
This is a family portrait .
The black hand is a father , the hands and blue hand , and he 's his son .
They 're hills in the big tanks , and it turns out into the content that went into the parrotal , whether it 's very toxic .
My translation interpreted their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But still hope that day can leave the house and go where we 're paid to the ground . "
estimates that there are more than 4,000 children are doing slavery in the Volta , the largest lake of the world .
And so that time , I went through a way .
I see the scenes like a family who 's going on fish on the boat , two sizes , some kind of little kid ?
Wong . They were slavery .
I 've been taken from her family , and she 's gone and losing it , and arrested out of nowhere on this boat , they don 't know .
eight .
I shaking when our boat came up to the end of the boat 's sailment .
He was terrified because they fell in the water .
The branches of sands are added to the fishing nets , and these kids are just exhausted the fear of courageous water .
A lot of death .
Remember what you remember , was being caught in the lake .
Human fear , I don 't kick the escape , and since being destroyed from a little bit of the little , I 'm going to do it down to the smaller slices that I manage .
I met a little boy at the time , when they 're pulling up the final net , but they 've been doing a morning .
In the night night .
We mean that these are heavy women , and they 're full of them .
I 'd like to introduce you to you .
Kofen from a village .
I met him in a study where the organization is to recover the victims .
So I 'm being bathed in the entry , the dugal swamp in the beginning , and the great news is , when you and I 'm sitting in this today , Kofiting has been reunited with family ,
Kofi is the presence of the possibilities .
Would you become a person who could stand up and changed my life ?
Lear on the street in Ghana , Ghana in the U.S. Foundation , except , you guys belonged to the people who 's vagrandar to the speed of the wheel that drive us on our car and then knocking
He told us to follow the pathway in the forest .
At the end of him , he ran us back , and we drove cars , and drove it away .
And just hitting this dimming footprint and say , " Here 's a walk , it 's walking . Move . "
And in the same way , we put these cables , and then about a walk hour in the forest , and it 's got a shot in the water after the rains , so I applied the picture of when we go down into the water
After two hours straight , checking the unexpected end of the end , and before our eyes , we 're a vast range of extensing districts , they 're filled with slaves .
Many women depend on the back in the yellow while and yellow through the water pollution .
Collection is used in the process .
These are these guys who are caught in slavery in the region of the Ghana .
When I was born out of the basement , they were regularly by their own .
I still remember when I look at the red dotps , their tired of their lives in the ground underground .
These tunnels to the hundred meters , they rolled these heavy rocks to send them to the other areas , where rocks are supposed to be gold .
Look at the end of the galvania , there 's a lot of people who are healthy , but when you look close , there are more luckily in the situation of the situation , there are children .
They are victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , many more people have this muscle to end up with this person , the dilemox and malleans in a few years .
This is Manuru . When he died , he 's got people to get into the workforce .
When people died , Manuruish debt debt , and he 's forced to be slipped in this little longer .
When I met him , he made 14 years in the mines , and the wound on the leg that you saw this is from a accidents accident in a mine , a legally vulnerable to the doctor who said .
On the way , Manuuuu 's disease , but it 's been working on the day on the day .
And yet , he still dreamed to be allowed to be allowed to help with the help of local operations like the organization and the heart of this , and on the face of this , and on the face of the extraordinary strangers , so I 'm
I want to take a slavement .
When I worked in this territory , I took a lot of candle , and with the help of the translator , I was broadcasting with the people that I wanted to make sure that I wanted to capture their own stories and their situation ,
They know their image will be seen by the people there .
I want to know that we 're going to make them , and we 're going to do to help them change their lives .
I actually believe , if we treat people as gay beings , it 's very hard to resist the crimes like victims .
The pictures are not the basis itself . They 're about human beings , people , and you , and all , I 'm all , desirabley and respectful .
No one day I don 't think about these amazing people who are not going to bended .
I 'm hoping that I 'm going to take a picture of inner resources , people like you , and hopefully that will be fire to fire fire , it 's going to shine into the slave , because it 's not going to be
Thank you very much .
