This story hasn 't end .
Let me tell you about a couple of pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man who burned his career .
Imagine he , a radicalist in Southern Gotton , facing the fact that his life wasted .
Language , through five months that you 're calling him , you 're calling to see you .
She was never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission was to not leave my life through hopelessness , and my lesson was to realize , yes , the history had tried to bleed us , but we 've suffered .
My mother , Mass , 18 years old parents died -- had married , a marriages marriage , had two young girls .
So after the next four years , a more denial situation in the story , a boat out of a camelpoline called fishing .
If we were arrested , the first was my sister and me , and she would drink .
We settled at Fredcred , the suburbs for the labor of the population in the population of the population .
It 's a long-back contract to the eyes , because it 's about six years .
Rose reverberation and a voice might say , " I 'm going to go through obstacles . "
She opens up the computer store and learning and aesthetic scholarship and open an entrepreneurial business .
We 're looking for aid and aid .
The center was created .
In the world , I struggled in my life , the tragic tragicgic violence , and addicted .
And for the same time , when I was the senior discipline , I was elected in New York Australian year .
I don 't know about alcohol .
I told me that I couldn 't do it .
She reminded me that I 'm now my mother since we 're on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreign was also celebrated , new , coming out , behold -- and it 's just not just getting it , but it 's something that we need to thank you , maybe a gift from the
So I went to my emotional .
I collected a small team with us , which was called " Don 't work " is a compelling challenge .
On the day , I made a huge bler pot for us to eat .
after a trip .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
The life is that in the centuries of centuries .
She 's 17 years old , she became his two-year-old husband , he used to beat her .
I was bathing in a hotel room in Sydney , at the time she died 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the middle of a night a house came and told us that he had to shut down .
She told us to her her father .
My mother asked me , " Why does my mother 's so much cool ? "
I want to have a baby , and I was wondering about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , the mother 's mother is here in the fifth of the fourth desk .
It 's a great honor for me to be here and share with people .
I had to go through a long time in prison , after all the steel and the prison for the people who were used to get the General Project .
I 've spent a long time in the community of people who have low income with the projections and the frustrations of despair .
And I came here to be encouraged and I listened to this , and I was listening to a lot of money for me .
And I mentioned this because I think very important .
I actually learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family , and I 'm going to work , and she was a family of the family .
The three-year-old mothers were slaughter .
She 's solid , but it 's permeussion .
And when I was a little girl , every time I looked at her and she was going to go to me .
She hated me so hard to me , and then she let me go .
One or two hours later , if I left her woman 's going to go and said , " Brank , I still feel like your hug ? "
And if I 'd say " Don 't , " she 's going to fight me " and I said , " Be , " she 'll let me alone .
She 's a very careful one that you will always want to be near .
My mother was a young lady in the house .
Occasionally , I went to me , but she was very hard to get me to my time .
And I remember , when I was about eight , nine years old had a morning , I woke up , into my living room , and I saw all my cousins around the room .
At first time , I was playing with a game .
And I will never forget .
I will never forget her .
And I said " hell . "
And the first thing she wanted to promised me is to always love me . "
And secondly , she wanted to keep the promise of the right thing .
I said , " No , no , no , no , I 'm going to drink . You won 't drink a drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that 's true . Some people drankers . "
Which I shouldn 't say .
I don 't say , because I think I 'm doing right , is moral ; that I want to talk about human power .
We can get them to work on what they don 't think they did .
My grandfather was in the prison forbidden cooks and sold to alcohol .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people in prison .
The United States has the highest annual mortality rate in the world .
And there are 7 million people who are injured or educated .
And three black men in the ages ages between 18 ages 30 , 30 people had a prison in prison , had managed or wiped .
Our legal system is not just detected by such such ways , not just by being ordered by ethnic distinction but also distorted by the poor .
Even though , we can still feel good about this .
The fear of anger and anger , has led us to believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this brings me to mind .
And there was a silence .
Many of my lot was very small .
We 've got a low-plusagement in our children .
We 're actually doing what the babies are .
And the only country in the world do this .
I 'm going to speak to representative prisoners .
But there 's another way of thinking about where we are .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether whether people have a death or not whether we should kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow we can split ourselves from this .
But for African-Americans , is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been very difficult for talking about race , because it 's because we 're not ready to admit the truth and reconciliation .
And I had a couple of speech in the U.S. Project .
And it was amazing , after my presentation , there was an academic schedule to say , and I said , " I 'm very annoyed to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no video .
How would you feel what if we live in a world where Germany has made the death sentence , especially if it 's Jewish .
I can 't .
In our country , in the middle-graded countries , we 're still making the same structure that you 're capable of being able to be able to get the luxury of 11 times as if the victim is compared to the black person
And so , there 's a separation .
Technology .
Well , we 're rational , we 're devoted to wisdom .
They 're coming from ideas that are sent to the power of the heart .
Vacl Havel , a great leader of the checkpoint , spoke about this .
It 's just the right thing .
It 's a time I came and listen to a few hours , she Park came up and said , " Well , I mean , I mean , I mean , I mean , you know , I 'm afraid to hear about a legitiment
So I started talking about .
And when I told her all her , she looked at me and she said , " Oh , yeah . "
I really think that the TED community needs to be bold .
We need to find ways to address the challenges , the problems and the issues that inequality .
Because ultimately , all of us depends on this planet .
I believe it 's true for everyone on this planet .
I assume that if someone liars , they 're not a lie .
And so we humans have dignity in order to protect the protective .
I also believe that in many parts of the country , and of course , many of the world , the paradox of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that even though it 's pretty cool , exciting , very exciting provisions , but we 're not going to not be judged by the technology we produced by our design , by mind and ideas .
Because that 's the implications we 're starting to have a look at what we are .
Occasionally , when I lost my balance , I was going to end with it .
And sometimes I tried too hard .
And I 've been working for the children who are very severely convicted .
I went to my prison , it was 13 years old and 14 years old , and he was allowed to be in front of court as a big person .
Why can you turn you into a person who you don 't ?
The next morning , I woke up and thought , I had a dream of fairy , or I actually wrote it ?
And then I thought this was going to be difficult .
And I whisper in my ears .
It 's a very deep relationship to the humanities , in the ability to contribute to each of the community , for hopeful possibilities .
And when I walked in , my judge looked at me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all of the screaming .
He jumped up to his guard guard .
Thank you very much .
So , he heard , and he saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his path and do something with this issue .
For example , if you live in California , then this spring is going to have a green conference here , we 're trying to re-base the punishment in the punishment .
So for example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for the next sentence in the next five years . Yeah , a million dollars .
56 percent of the rape is not being processed .
The chatter rate in the United States has increased power is actually not violent crime .
And so , we 've got three battle against people who have been lost themselves for stealing the bicycle or steal from high levels of constraints , because they 're paying them back to the private property .
I believe that we need to do more things to help people who are being committed to being victims , not least less .
Bris , you 're actually paying attention to people 's psychology .
And because of that idea could be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill in time .
He 's here in 1885 as you know pretty well .
So what 's happening here ?
The second story is , let 's say to another idea that 's called the transition of the hip .
I went there in 1971 , research in the West .
And I went there because I was growing up in Europe , and I wanted to say that it was going to work in Africa .
Even though I 've been able to congregate with that life .
This is my first sun .
And it 's surrounded by the palm tree that you can see , some of the mangroves .
There 's a whole bunch of dynamics around 20 inches in a new type of individual species with a super-monrass .
The polar chamber alone is stabilizing the number of fish and they 're actually quite healthy , they can get a lot of people in the middle of the average income in Ghana .
They 're reaching at age at the age of five .
So nothing changes , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- that 's not , starting from the ' 60s -- Europe has done a lot of development projects .
And this particular boat is quite bad , which is called Mutura .
What we did , we didn 't find it from the definition .
The main thing is that under the bottomland is dragged on the back of the boat .
These images are so astormatic , because this transition is going dramatically .
Within a year , you did a survey after that commercial fishing volunteer .
These kinds of species are they consumed ; they 're killed .
We can change the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We 've got some of the good things from the x-axis here here , biodiversity , the number of the number of whales whales across the forest of the water , the water supply .
Every generation will use these images that they have from the beginning of the life as a standard and will happen from that direction .
And that , with a greater extent , is what we 're going to do .
You lose your rare animals .
They become more scarce , because they 're caught them .
Because they don 't know it .
In fact , lots of people , and scientists would argue that before that was very different .
So , for example , the story that some of the people have told the story about the South African bank observing a lot of fish in this region can 't eat or not often used by the scientists who are arrested because it 's not
Because the marine protected areas like we 're actually reconstructing the past .
I think artistic film and movies can be able to convey , and the simulation .
You may be able to notice color and sound like like " Avatar . "
If you think about " The Aataata , if you think about how it 's moving people like -- don 't let it go to the Puahuontas -- it 's been paralyzed by this image .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how do you make a choice in a day ?
Recently , I investigated with more than 2,000 Americans , and the average of the typical options that the typical Japanese community did was about 70 times per day .
There were the police surveyed by the CEOs that we followed for a whole week .
And scientists have led all of the different tasks that they CEO , and they 've spent a lot of time to do these interventions .
Of course , each of them is a lot of options .
Now , think about your own choices .
Otherwise , when I ask , if you answer to you , you 're happy .
This is where they sell their junk .
We 've opened a little bit of a little sheet of a little bit of a door that looks close to the door .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we 've made 24 kilograms , and then there 's only 40 percent .
The next thing we did in which case people like to buy a bottle .
Now we see the opposite effect .
Of all the people that paused when we gave 24 , three percent of them bought a bottle .
And in some of the people that paused when there were only six pieces of blobs , suddenly , when we saw 30 percent of them bought a bottle .
Now , let 's make a little problem at least six times the number of people who wanted to buy a baggie when they saw six categories rather than they saw 24 categories .
The topic is going to carry on : Terring finance .
And what we 're seeing is that the number of resources available there is that there 's available in the saving of 401 plans , it 's more likely to save more tomorrow .
So if you zoom in more than the ones that you 're funded for two percent of the world 's leading land in the mid between 70s , we 're located .
Now it 's not these hallucinations that are the choices that anyone we 're given to people when you consider their own finance .
So what I want to ask you is today is four simple technical engineering techniques that we 've tested in multiple ways of what you can do in your business .
Everyone 's always awkwardly when I say , " cutting slushing . "
When Proctor & amp ; Gamble down from 26 different Headors ; Shakeers 15 15 people saw the increase of sales sold by 10 percent .
When the president of the Qith 's remove the 10 of the worst sold for the cat , they saw the increase in the profit to 87 percent of the speed of the increase and the cost of the cost .
You know , there 's a grocery store today , give you $ 45,000 products .
People used to say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human being .
And I think you should read it .
All right .
So the lesson I did with Shelf-erto Benzzi and Alessandravit , and we made a song with people at ITS office who worked at ITS and I showed these people in a stage where
And during this phase period , we 'll capture the stage before , but it 's just a little bit smaller .
We can solve multiple kinds of dispensation than we do to make choices .
It shows that the grocery Watsman , and in the hallway halls Norweed everywhere , from 331 different cases , to 6,44 .
Now these are different types of different typeslets .
If you think the left on the left is the Swissing and the one on the right is a note , you can clap your hand .
Okay , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and the right is to say you 're clapping .
All right , a little bit more .
This is the very radical arrangement .
We have to thrive complexity .
You have over 60 different decisions , to get your access to your car .
The color , the color on me , I 'm 56 regrets .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the lines that these decisions exist .
If you click the " button " for every decision that you 're getting too many choices , which means that you lose me .
With the same source , the same amount of choice .
The only thing I 've done is that I 've changed the way that information is shown in that .
If I start with you , I learn how to choose .
And it also gives me an excitement of this big product that I 'm attaching to it , so I 'm happy to motivate and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've been talking about .
That 's just the size .
Just ten times three times .
By the way , it 's a football player to 10 times four times as safe .
Clearly , isn 't it , right ?
But , but do you know ?
And it 's only 2577 .
And you think the number is going to be a bullet for a cardiac surgeon , a nurse or anth surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , a nurse ?
I 'm a student obsessed with the perfection .
I learned in my little couch , my grandfather on the medical school at the University of Toronto , not farming .
I 'm focusing on the top layer of the original layer and the activity of every single , every branch of each of the arteries that arterbulary from the vicorta layer , complex diseases , rare and rare .
And during the course , I collect more knowledge and more knowledge .
And my mission of the Health of Healthing research is looking at the heart of Health .
And I met Mr. Mucker , she was very hard to breathe .
This situation is happening when your hearts are normal , and instead of blood pressure , some blood flows into lung , and then blood flows of lung , and so the patient 's going to breathe .
And that 's when I first broke my first mistake ; I gave her hospital .
I used to show that the Queen didn 't talk to the police officer .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lack my confidence that I 'm asking , the nurse is getting care for Johnnyuckucks , " Do you think she 's okay ? "
And the nurse , and you say , " Oh , I think she 's going to be OK . "
So I signed the paper of the hospital , and the ambulance of the injury , my doctor 's staff .
I walked through the room on the road .
three words : remember ?
She goes back and near the death .
About a hour after she came home , after I left her home , she had a stroke , and she was going to call the family and his family and rescued her , and her father came back to her emergency room and her wrist she was
And the human office is spending all the way .
They put her on the breathing .
And I was shocked and shipped to the bone .
And I was sitting on the floor of the highway , because after she stabilized , she was brought in the intensive care , and I hope that she was going to recover .
You know what kind of healthy empowerment , when you leave a secret that you 're never experienced , and then you 're located and you 're located and you don 't you , and two people have a terrible texture ,
This is a kind of shame .
And I asked myself .
Why don 't I want to ask the doctor who 's going to lead ? Why not the patients ?
Two years later I was the officer officer in the department department in the Northern Northern Toronto University , and I looked at a 70-year-old man with piping .
Now , I was very busy , I was a hurried .
He 's just in that .
I look at my throach , he 's a pink pink .
And two days after I arrived next to the next level , and that 's my time to ask my own Talk to me in her room .
" Did you remember your heart attack ? "
You have to vaccinate antibiotics and restore a couple of days .
But every single time , they 're all of my sneakers , and I looked at me .
That 's the system we have .
For about 20 years I 've been journalism and made anecdote , and I 've been studying the probability and the mistakes in medicine to learn anything , from one of the first one I 've been covering the Toronto
And what I learned was was wrong .
We work in a system in which it 's flawed that every day , there 's 10 hours of drugs that either either drug or prescripsy , in which the infectious diseases sprers from the hospital and more destination ,
In both cases , these are pretty low-fundated than practical reality , because we don 't have any of these problems .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have preconceived bias in the experience , for example , I can accept that is a patient who has a perfect patient .
With those things , mistakes is no resistant .
So , if you process the system , like I was taught , and I remove all the medical staff , it would never be left .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
My doctor , according to the point of view , is by the bone with the bone , you know , you 're just a human being , acceptance , but it 's no wonder if you get a mistake , but trying to learn something that
She 's very supportive when people talk about their mistakes .
And she 's just mistake of somebody else 's mistake , not like " Donald , " but a way of nurturing people to get better .
Any of you can be famous for the Internet on the next week .
But there are more than 48 hours of uploaded on YouTube .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my god . Oh my god .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh , wowww !
While this video is written up in January .
Well , in fact , Jimmy Kimm .
Second Friday , sixth . By the street on the sixth people who are expecting at the end of the week , at the end of six weeks , six to the time on the Friday , you don 't think that we 're having
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is the diagram diagram description .
Well , GN.0 , look , and many online routes started writing about it .
Michael Mc. Naron from the theater halls was one of the first people who played a single joke on YouTube video .
The result is that there are more than 10,000 examples of imitationiday on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody has created an old version .
Because we don 't consume it , we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does that mean ?
And these are not the media of that media , and it 's mostly like the right media today , but they 're going to determine the future of the future .
And my new kindergartments are now trying to enter into the environment by paying attention .
Bay to the community .
No . Wait a minute .
All right .
Oh , I 'm about it ?
All right . Thank you very much .
My story begins here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that there was nothing changed from the ancient history of Mahitiharata .
Today , we 're also living and drill and machine .
The conclusion we 're pulled out is that magic is replaced by replica .
They 're preventive inspiration .
I 've been making a book since age 16 years old .
The storytelling is becoming more and more .
And I actually turned into a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the bottle of the bottle , don 't know why , is always interesting to me .
And the other idea that my innocation is when I was a teenager , a huge self-wortheplus could be applied to a single tragic .
We all heard about the first of us , we 've all heard about women , but whoever we don 't in India .
So , in this revelocation , you 've got to go out , and in a chapter , take a picture of flowers and text it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a sticky and note it .
And what happens is you 're going to create a digital collection of digital that you can display online .
In the ability of connection , the left and the technology , and so many other possibilities .
Next , if you can play this report .
And the answer is , if I did it on a normal curtaly , could say , for years , and this is a kind of time , and no matter what I 'm trying to demonstrate , graphs are very stupid .
Now if I plot graphs , for example , another technology , maybe the technology industry , on a taxic road , it looks very , very similar , like a straight line .
And there 's no precision in the history of developing evolutionary technology by changing a few years later .
That 's what happened .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the transformation .
And so , what I 'm asking you , I 'm still wondering , what is the state that the world is going to be ?
What is the new state of the world ?
Because the process of transduation is very unintelligible to learn when we 're in the middle of the process .
It 's staying away from the way we approach it .
And we know that it 's not very clear to think about 30 , 50 years later , so that everything is going to be very different from a very simple extraction of what we 're working on today .
And so , I think this picture has a sense of what it looks like if people look at it for a few billion years .
But today , these oil drops , not only , we 're talking about now , because it 's all of the randomness of chemicals .
It 's just a basic kind of basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the drops are deriving to get out .
In fact , every living organism has been genetically modified genes in the same-hand system , and the code is exactly the same .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually carry DNA .
This propaganda allows the bacterial communities that can form in which it includes bacterial microbes ; they come together .
And so , they 're surviving or dying , which means that , if a good good community , all of the community in the community is producing more and more of them and they evolved chemicals .
And so , the next process is in perspective , about a billion years .
And at the time , we have multi-touch individuals , collectively different protocells , working together as a single organ .
The skin 's skin will not have any effect of lack of bias in the heart , the muscle cells , the brain cells and many other cells .
The next process is that in the colony .
Those of these cells , once again , start extracting the information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of the colony .
And they 're bringing in the evolution of evolution .
So individuals can be , for example , learn not to eat any kind of thing because it 's tasty and it feels hard to eat it .
The neural system , the truth is that they form these highly popular structures , which quickly accelerated the evolution .
Because evolution is present inside of individuals .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human languages .
And here I 'm sitting here in the moment , in danger , hopefully , in the beginning of the people who are confused and confused and have a little bit of my thoughts .
This allows us to start living as a living organism .
The telephone , computers , video , CDs and other things are the devices that we create in society to work with information .
And they 're all connected to a greater community and faster and more capable of evolution before us .
This process is self-assembly , and then , I guess , self-confidence is the appropriate word -- when a self-replanging process .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
Now , I set the computer to make money , and I knew that my device used to design the computer could not use without any of the technology in the computer industry .
So now , what I 've done is the design with the complexity of complexity that seems to be possible if they design traditional design .
I don 't know the use of all of these transcribers in the connectivity .
Instead , what I do is that the design of the design is doing in the U.N. syndrome Art , and that 's how we think about the level of refresh and refreshing that refresher into the machines and machine
And in fact , sometimes they do by the methods we don 't even understand .
A particularly interesting method I 've still is using is a greater self .
Or other words , " computers , you can get hundreds of millions of random coverage .
In other words , I 'm exactly what I want to .
And let 's replicate them with the same rewards of breeding breeding . "
Take two programmers and they 're going to create products by exchange their lawsuit , and products yields the rules of the two processes .
Maybe it 's just a couple of mutations .
And over the course of the process , I 'll have a perfect program to exposing numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than programs that I can write .
They are very ambiguous and weird .
It says , " This plane has a hundred thousand thousand detail in the work so that you have a safe flight . ' It 's no way you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than conventional design .
Because all this technology has pushed its own growth .
But I think there is something that is chasing us .
And I think that all of us here is a part of the next generation 's output -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America , and this program is kind of like Peace Corps for the computer .
We 're selecting a couple every single year every year , they will work with the government .
At that point , they 're going to write fantastic apples , working with the staff of staff .
How can it search for the help of the situation in a second ?
They were there in February .
They noticed that the city never shut down the firemen .
But a member called A Eriber Boys-Wriber , pay attention to one other thing , which is the people who are lost in front of that .
And every time you do , you have to put a name on it , and he 's first the name of the name .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of the 21s and the articles in the last year .
But it did a thing that was a government .
One guy in the office of Honolulu knows how to take app and to recognize that he can use it , not for the snow , but to the people who are going to perform to the albles albums .
These same light activates are very important , but people have stolen their energy from them .
And it 's going to apply the software to allow people to scave cleaners off sidewalk in the summer of the sky .
Now there 's now the city now in the middle of the world .
Last year , we had a team of three people working working on a 60-and-old project in Boston .
The parents helped to find the casework matches with their children .
Some people say to us , as usual , to build on a software that will take a little less than two years and spent about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now , there 's a project in California system that has spent people who taxes two billion dollars , but still active .
That means with no control , constantly suggestive and reproduction .
It 's a fun , because we 're going to have more of action with the help of digital technology .
They didn 't get out .
Now there 's a lot of people who lose faith in government .
Like many people , I think the U.S. government is just people to vote .
After two years , I 've found a distinct conclusion of local authorities , about the mouse .
He 's typing " The Operlium " into the official data .
This is the achievements of the remarkable people in the U.S. office in Boston .
But what happened to the Gitizensen was the other way .
That 's good , I 'm going to make a very high-montha .
It 's pretty simple .
This is fun . This is the real approach to life .
As this person to help people , our communities become more powerful .
If you call the center of the facility , it 's going to cost more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head on that .
Let 's say , how many times we vote for a political leadership -- and we used to spend a lot of energy to find a political leaders -- and then we sat back and the government would reflect the value and satisfying our need , but then
But that was contemptive that helped us see what we have , and to pay for us to us , and then we do ourselves .
Some people think politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real office is going on .
That is exactly what Occuptheid has spent .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not the politics , but the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do without regulatory governance to all of us ?
This is our voice uses to fight for the rights .
The battle is not like we 're not going to be the person who 's going to be the voice ; they all have to do it .
They used their hands .
Surely , we can handle a fire hydrotherap , and many people have done it .
But these applications like the design community reminds that we 're not just consumers , and we don 't just be the government supplies , tax money and received the services .
More importantly , we are the citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we 're doing civic .
I have a question for all of you here : when there are important things to do with our hands , all of us , we 're going to be a famous crowd , or we will become a group of our hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to the patient anymore .
One of the things we 've done at the University of Radbane is an open-up listener .
And we think this is one of the major problems why -- not all -- but most of the medical projects fail , since we don 't listen .
It has a click on the middle .
But another thing .
But that 's the best thing that happens is because it 's called peer pressure , peer pressure is helping to patients -- since it 's used for diabetes , it can also be used for patients .
It 's actually easy to use the easy technique and start with them to create a sense of comfort for the patients in the group .
Another thing is that we know all the gas stations .
But there 's the ultimate TEDED that can help this patient ?
And today , we 're going to show that this is not just the A.44 , which is what it is called , but it 's a TED201US .
Because , perhaps , this is a picture that you can 't take a camera .
It 's woven with my passion for my art , but there 's a little bit different , because they use a camera , the processed process .
These pictures like this : trying to build alongside down .
But it has a unintended point .
What caused the hallucinations ?
It 's sometimes visualizing the visual hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I 'm seeing that the combination of the photographs have a whole process like that .
That 's really just the right thing to come together .
But in conclusion , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the collection of images should have a whole range of landscapes .
Second , combine these images should have a kind of light .
And these two pictures are both satisfying two conditions -- pretty much at a high altitude .
So by incorporating the color , the contrast and the light in the boundary boundaries between each other , in the dissections like the memory of the field , descended colors and dust , we 're erasing the lines between the
But this picture is completely created by the photographs of different parts .
And personally , I think it 's easier to create contexts , find the context , because then you don 't have to rearrange the ideas in your head .
And there was this idea in the winter , I knew I needed to take a couple of months to prepare , to find different places to the parts of the image .
For example , the fish is in the entry .
There 's always a start with a sketch , an idea .
All the tools are right here , and the only thing that is our limitation is to imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Self-mix .
And just in the short few years , the LEGO has the house at home .
LET has taken the concrete block , the building blocks , and made it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic electronic video that will take us from the world of the tiles of blocks to each other to the world that everything interacted together .
It 's like a concrete knife , transistors that allows you to build the larger circuitry , and they 're a little bit smaller .
I personally don 't accept this , that the benters are going to be present for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleB is the electronic structures .
You attach blue to green , you can make a lamp .
Rather than rotating the building blocks like this , and now you have a light bulb .
Glens the bellboard , and now you have created an automatic machine .
We 've got to mittleize for babies and watch them playing with a mittances .
And that 's an amazing experience .
We 're bringing back to the design of design .
So for example , we have the designers that 's absolutely not knowing about the electronics that start playing with the mittances like the creative tool .
And here you 're going to see , with all the hoodles , paper and paper , make it ...
A couple of weeks ago we gave a downtue to RISD , and we gave them for a few design designers , with a magazine , with the cover , wood and paper -- and tell them that " Let 's do it .
If the government came out of these documents , they could be able to access to be the subject of this knowledge of knowledge .
But today , in this moment in 2011 , if you bought a laser blewed out of any of the manufacturer-to-dome construction , and if you were going to print a page of paper that 's going to have golden
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And the dynamics of this kind of crime is very simple and straightforward .
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the examples of million examples from the world of people who earn the money from the cyberattacks .
Alfred Gortzz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is leaving hiding ; and nobody knows where you are .
And I claim that that 's what we 're going to be a victim of cybercriminals to be more than the danger in the real world .
And the truth is that the risks are getting worse .
In the distant future , the majority of lawsuits will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous , who raging up for 12 months , and has become a force in the cyberattack attack .
So we have three mainstream attacks : criminals to make the case of civic hackers , like Anonymous , to fight and ultimately ultimately our government , our government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happened at the Digiototar .
They had to submit the last year last year , their system had been broken .
And last week , in a meeting with the Nutch police , I had a question for a leader of whether he was able to see that the logic didn 't matter if somebody had to die for DigiNotot attacks .
Digi-Nototar is a company provider service .
In fact , you need a realization , if you have a website using U.S.D services , the kind of service that Gmament is used .
All of us , or at least we 're actually G8 email or an appetal appetal , and these services are commonly available in these countries like the Iran , where the geneticists are going to use the services out of the
And create the prosthetic .
And that 's exactly what happened to the Digiototar .
In this material is the records from a company that has in the Cambodian company that sold sold to the Egyptian Egyptian , so there 's a lot of high-tech tools to have bleeping on a vast scale of all tribes
This is the main office .
But the Western government also do it in the country .
So for example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people came out of Tuju Scuinst , as a soldier that was the officer who was officer officers used to investigate their people .
They 're listening to sleep on your Internet .
They 're even using tools like SAS Scuin to infect on your computer , and from that they can get all information to exchange , get your conversation through your network , and you have your passwords .
Why do I worry about ?
But this argument doesn 't make sense .
Protional should not have to argue .
This is a problem between liberty and control .
And whether we have trust , a blind way into any government of government , a government that we can have in the next 50 years ?
