When I was a kid , I thought the NorthTrifications was the best country in the world and I used to sing it . We don 't have to je . "
I was very proud of my country .
At school , we spent a lot of time to learn about the Great Kwar II System , but not much about the outside world except , except American United States , Korea and Japan was our enemies .
Even though I 've been wondering , no question , no outward , but I still think that I 'd dedicate life in Norwegrics , until everything is changing .
When I was seven , I witnessed people who were shot for the first time in my life , but I still think my life was normal .
My family is not poor , and I 'd never been hungry .
But in the day of 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from a sister and my mom 's mom .
And then there 's this : When you read the lines , the five-year-old families have no longer on the course of the two , and the house has nothing to eat in two weeks .
All the top on the floor , and the body is so that we can feel like death is very close to .
I was shocked .
Because the first time I knew that my cell was suffering .
Not soon , when I walked through a station , I saw a horror scene that I couldn 't possibly forget .
On the ground , the deadly is deadly , and a half-person man who 's still holding a baby , and she knows who staring at their face .
But no one helped them , because all of them are concerned to themselves and family .
In the ' 90s , North Korea died severely famine .
It made more than a million North Korean died in hunger , and many people just surviving , the beetles and the beetles .
The more electric dismonth , the whole thing that I surrounded was dark at night shadows when I got a night left than the Sunlight from the Chinese , just a house .
I wondered why they were still , we were not .
This is a picture from Northwan Northwuck at night in the same night with the surroundings .
This is the Lasp River , it 's the natural border between North Korea and China .
Perhaps it 's a very small deal , so that some of North Koreans who drives them to China .
But lots of people died .
And I saw them on the river .
I can 't say how I 'd leave you from South Korea , which might be said that in the tough years of the starve , because I 've sent to China to live with a cousin .
I was thinking about my family , a very short time .
I never imagined that I 'd have to have to have them to 14 years .
In China , the life of a girl was isolated from the family like me was very tough .
I didn 't expect to what was going to the lives of a refugee of North Korean , what would be like , but I soon realized that it was not difficult , but the danger was , in the case of refugees who North Korea Korea
I was always living in a very strange that my mind was going to detected , and I will be returned to the old life in North Korea .
And one day , that nightmare was the truth , I was shot in the Central Polu and I brought to the police station to get the issue .
Someone told them that I was North Korean , so they tested my best hypothesis and ask me a lot of questions .
I was terrified , and it feels like my heart 's headed .
Because if they saw something , unfortunately , I 'm going to be thrown into a prison and then returns .
I think my life is that endang , but I still try to control my emotions and answer their questions .
After the end of the world , one of the two police told them , this is a wrong case .
It 's not North Koreans . "
And they release me . That 's a miracle .
North Koreans in China was to the foundations of foreign countries , but the many of them were arrested by the police of the Chinese and got paid back .
Those girls were very lucky .
Because even though it was arrested , but eventually it was released by the force of the international community .
But North Koreans , that 's not so fortunate .
Every year , there were countless North Korean who was arrested in China and got paid back where they were tortured , or in their owned-handed or defeated .
While I was lucky , because I was released , so many people were able to do that .
North Koreans have to hide his identity and struggled to make a look at a tragedy .
Even when Chinese sched and found a job , their life can be completely undoeded in a moment .
That 's why I 'm going to be the following why the next 10 years of anonymous people decided that I was going to take my role to Korean , to start a new life again .
The life was concerned about it was much harder than I imagined .
Because in South Korea , the English had been very important , so I started English English , my third language .
I also realized that was a huge distance between Southeast and North North Korea .
We were both Korean , but we had become very different from 67 years of being cut .
I went through a crisis of my origins .
I am North Korea or North Korea ?
Where come from ?
Suddenly , I had no country to be proud of the Organization .
Despite to accommodate in life is not a little bit of a good thing , but I set a plan .
And they start to learn to be able to prepare for college .
And yet , I 've got to get used to my life , I 'm absolutely terrible news .
North North North Korea has released the number that I sent back to the family , and to punish them , they will have to move back to a place that was in rurala .
And they can quickly release out of that , I started planning to help my family .
North Koreans have to pass through the same way it doesn 't seem to get to free .
Because the crosslegence from Northwest North Korea was almost impossible , so I had to fly to China , and then I went to the Northwest North North North North .
Because my family was not in Chinese , so I had to go to the people in the United States , and I went to Southeast Asia .
The last bus was last week , and it was just a few times more than we were approached .
Once , our car was blocked and were tested by by a police depress .
He 's going to see everybody 's poetry , and we start asking .
Because my family is not in Chinese , so I thought they 're going to be arrested .
When the Chinese police arrived , they had instantly come up and said to him , these were the deaf people who were in the middle .
He looks at me , but he 's very lucky to believe me .
And we went on to go to the Lower of the Lower , and I had to use nearly nearly all the money that I was bribed for the people who were tracking the border guard .
However , after we got the border , my family was arrested in prison for the crime edition .
After I applied my punishment and bribed my family , my family was released in a month , and then went back to the Line .
It was the only time in my life .
I 've done all sorts of ways to get my family to free , and we 're almost succeeded , but they 're even surprised by the Korean National Park .
I walked away from the middle of the police and the police police , and I was looking at the way to get my family out of that , but I didn 't afford to pay money or bailouts .
I 'm absolutely desperate .
At that time , there was a man who asked me , " What is it ? "
I was surprisingly surprised when a total total stranger was so far to me .
By his own English language , and I made him to a family of my family . No little more , he was went to ATM. paid all the money , and the two Norwe Norweights to get to jail .
I thank you with my heart , and I said , " Why does he help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " he said .
" I am helping North North Korea . "
I realized that 's a very large point of a very good way of my life .
Compassion from men strictly to be a new symbol of new for me and the North North Africans as we were needed to , and he showed me to goodness from strangers and the support of the community that was the telescopes that North
After all , after a long journey and my family was united in Korea , but to be free of half a fight of competition .
A lot of North Koreans were being cut with their families , and they came to a country , they had to start initially with a little bit of money or not there 's no money .
So we can help aid help the international community for education , education in English , and other areas .
We can also be as a bridge between the people who are in North Korea , so there 's so many people in the world , and we 're going to have a lot of contacts in the other countries , and we shared with them information
I 'm so fortunate to get a lot of help and inspiration inspired during my life , so I wanted to be able to take my own to my country to a development opportunity to develop with the international facilitators .
I believe you 're going to see more and more North Korean success , all the world 's stage , even at the TED stage .
Thank you .
I 've just had one day .
Don 't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I want to show you to my own friends .
So , 22 , 22 , and very beautiful .
I don 't speak , but I 've delivered pleasure in the way that even some of the most brilliantly can 't do .
Remb knows what love is .
She 's going to share it .
She didn 't greedy . You don 't color color .
I don 't care about religion , and let 's understand that he 'd never lied .
When I sing songs from childhood , trying to remember the words that I could not , and I was telling me a little bit about how we knew what about brains , and what we hadn 't yet yet .
Samuel was about 16 . She was a very high-month . He was very beautiful .
I had a perfect memory .
But it 's also selective .
I don 't remember whether you 're going to kill my mottonette cake , but I remember the five-minute song on my iPod , my talk between my family 's four-year-old , sirmed up my
So this sounds really cool ?
Most people disagree .
And actually , because my mind is not fit in with normal social norms , often I 'd often seen through and understood .
But what my heart my mother is relieved more and more souls me is , although this is true , even though they 're not considered normal , this is only meaningful : the children are extraordinary -- people by autism and people .
For you not very familiar with the phrase " for autism , it 's a brain disorder that affects the ability to social social learning , and sometimes the physical features .
The symptom in the individual individuals , that 's why is so that is so good Samu .
And around the world , over 20 minutes , there are a little diagnosed with autism , and even though it 's one of the fastest-lived problems with the fastest speed in the world , we don 't know causality or treatment .
And I couldn 't remember the first time I ever approached autism , but I couldn 't remember one day without it .
I was three years old when I was born and I was very excited about that there was a new person in my life .
And after a few months , I noticed that you were different .
A screaming .
I don 't want to play like any other girls , and in fact , I may not have to call me interesting or anything else .
And then the world and the dominant in my own world , with your rule , and I find happiness in the leastter , sort of wrapping around the room and watch stare at the clean and clean food in the fingertips .
As far as they grow , you become more and more and more and more .
But beyond the anger and I 'd be smart and violent and aggressive , fragile than something that is unique : purely instinctive and pure and naive , a boy who looks at a little unintu-looking , a man who
U.S.0 .
Well , I couldn 't deny that there was some tough moments in my family , the moments I was to do with my children like me .
But I put my memory back to what I taught me about how the human communication and the protests and I have to realize that these are things that I won 't change in normal .
The normal is to say that beautiful beauty that tells us that we can do not expect that one is something that we have nothing .
It means that there 's a different kind of thing .
And if I can only get a to one for the Phiu and for Sam and for you , and that 's you don 't have to have to normal .
You can 't be extraordinary .
Because there 's autistic autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift , who is carrying in a gift , and frankly , in pursuit of the normal is the greatest potential .
The opportunity for the greatness , progress and for change is broken when we try to become like a different person .
Please -- I don 't say that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
You may agree with me as a beautiful street .
It 's built up plastic sugar , and plastic is sugar , which is the material that it 's running like it 's very smooth , but not always , but not always the same day , the day is the raintime .
Then you can get water on the horizon .
And especially if you look bioffeffeffe , and we 're going to go through these cars , not really .
And also , the sugar is also more noise .
It 's a noise , if we make the streets like the Netherlands , very close to urban cities , we want a static path .
The solution for making is sugar , sugar , sugar , sugar , sugar , sugar , sugar , sugar .
Pongrover is the material we 're doing is to build virtually most of the countries in the Netherlands , it 's liquid and water just through the hole , so all rainfall will rush out all the time , and you '
And noise will vanrate through a viceric hole .
Because it 's sad , it 's all the noise that will vanrate , so the sugar is silent .
Of course , there 's still a lot of inconvenities , and the definition of this sugar is the greedy of the blatter , the smell of things .
What 's the dark break ? You see it on the road , the floating layer of the dark .
First of all of you get a rock , and more and more , more , more , and then -- and I -- I 'm not going to do that .
But they can do your little lens , so you don 't get to it .
And after the same , this is intense bubble will failures .
They sometimes make chicken .
Yeah . He 's ready .
Halogy , of course , can be a problem , but we have a solution .
It 's actually how you see here this stuff has a damneneck .
It 's plastic spoo , as I said , you have a small amount of blowing bands between the rocks .
Under the effects of weather , radiation , this oxygen dose of plastic , this plastic layer that glue between these packed would put back , and if contract contract , it would have little little crispretion , then remove the blocks of the blocks
And if you drive up there , you 're destroying these blocks -- we 're just seeing here .
To address this problem , we made the materials that we 're embedded .
If we created this material , we could find solutions .
What we can do is we use the ring of steel covers to wash the breath , and we cut the mouth of the mouths of steel and tiny steel , and we mix these little fragments to a fraction .
So we have plastic mixed with steel .
Then you need a machine , as you can see here , is the machine used to cook -- a really-five sensors .
The sensors can make heat , solid steel is very good .
And you 're doing the steel you can make a blurder , and you burn up in this little super-trum bar , and the ones that stick stick back to the other side .
I used to use a microwave microprover , because I couldn 't get a plane from the jetition to get a stage .
The microwave system has a similar system .
I 'd been to let my prototype , I 'll take it now , to check it on .
This is the object .
I said we invented a machine that was on the lab , to put hytiling hot .
At the lab we 've been through a sample , and then the government , they actually see the results , and they say , " Well , that 's great . We have to try to see why . "
And they gave us a piece of water , and 400 meters of Naike , we had to build a new prototype of this new material .
So that 's what we 've done here . You see the path test that we 've done , and then , of course , this is going to survive for a few years without getting hurt . That 's what we learn from experiment .
We 've taken a sample of this specimens from the street , and we try to put them in the lab .
So we 're old animals , we put a lot of them on their own , stick them back to the sensor , which repel them and then repeges them again .
We can do it again .
And actually , the conclusion that comes from this research is that if we put up four years in a half-year-older -- we 're making it a very big deal of the people we 're going to try to save the real --
Well , to put together , I can say that we 've created a fuel using steel fibers , add steel steel , using the heat of the number of time , to actually help the increase the life of the way , and it 's twice
Now , you 're wondering if it works .
We 're here . We 're still a warm .
It 's supposed to be cool for it , and I showed you how to make a sense of faoloror .
But let me try to look at it .
Look , yeah . It 's sticky .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk about a confusing question that the answer is not as bad .
The topic is the secret of domestic violence , and the question I 'd ask is the question that people ask questions : Why did you stay ?
Why should women women should be people who have them ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a human-off or a professional family .
I am just a woman who wants to share my story .
And then I was 22 years old , at Harvard , Harvard graduated .
I moved to New York City when I was writing the first job of writing and writing and magazine editor magazine .
First time I got my own , my own American Express , and I had a huge secret .
That particular secret , this gun was flipped outlowlowlow , just as I was in the man by the man who thought you were born , and over time .
The man was more love than everyone had just gun to head and to kill me , I knew , but I didn 't remember .
I come here to tell you about love crazy , a trapical tragic wound in the love of the millions of women and even some men he has to have a year .
This is your story .
I don 't like a family mindset .
I had a U.S. English situation , and the LOL of the Mediastone from the Whoconise .
I was all of my career working on the U.S.0s like Johnson and Johnson , Leon Bennett and Time Washington .
I married with the second husband two years old and had three children .
My dog is like Blackberbo , and I drove the Honda Odinese .
So the first thing I want to tell you is that violence is happening to all sorts of people , every religion , every level of income and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I wanted to say is that people think that violence is happening to women , that 's the issue of women .
It 's not true .
Over 85 percent of men are men , and violence in the same relationship , in the long , in the other way , in the family , where we end up expecting to see that violence is a reason for domestic violence is a problem of trouble .
I was to myself myself myself , I was the upper left of living in the earth with my men , but actually , I was a very typical feminist .
I was 22 years old , living in the United States , the age between 16 to 24-d 24 times as the victim of women 's victim compared to women , and on the women and girls in age killed every year by the active workers ,
I used to be a classic manifest , because I didn 't know what domestic violence , the warning signals or patterns .
I met aor in a night in a holiday , and rain and cold .
He sat next to me in New York City , and he was telling me .
He told me about two things .
And he was , like me , like I.dy League , and he was working on a very bank bank on the Wall Street .
But the best thing to me was the first encounter was that he was smart and he looked like him like a farmer farmer .
He had this big chunk , and the big cheeks , the big cheeks , and the hair was like the gold of gold and he was very sweet .
One of the most smart things that I 've been doing , since the beginning , I 'd create a visualization that I 'm partnerships in the promise of promise .
He did this in the first way of religion .
We started dating , and he loved me , I was , I was going to get to Harvard , that I was going to help me newly-filled and girls .
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , the hopes of dreams .
My ideal believed , as a writer and a woman who had no one had ever .
And he also created the incredible weapon of trust between us by getting his secret , that , he was a child from four years old , and he was constantly abnarring to the evil and brutally , but his father 's body , and
That explains why I was soy Levy League and the work on the Wall Street and his future of his future .
If you tell me that the smart man , who are funny , the sensitivity , the grave , who I 'd like when I 'm exposed to my website or not , my skate is , how I live , I 'm
I didn 't know that the first stage in any given relationship to the temptation and the charm of the human rights .
I didn 't know that second phase is a victim .
Now , Conrenm not come home to a day and announced that " Hey , she knows , all of these Rarchers and juberT looks great , but I need to move to the next place where I 'm isolated and
Instead , I was home in a Friday night and he told me that he was today about what he dreamed his dream of his dream , he said , he was left me , because I made him feel safe and he loved it , he was not
Now , what I want to do is left the New York and my dream of my dream , but I thought you must sacrifice your own friends , so I agree , and I 'm working on , I amplic and I 'm left Manhattan
I don 't think I 've been mad in love , that I 'm walking into the head of the psycho , the money and the accuracy is carefully .
The next step in this case is that it 's led to the violence threat and see how we 're responded to .
From here , the guns are entriting .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where the Queor is supposed to feel safe -- he bought three people .
He kept a tree in the beetle of our car .
The sugar beneath our sugar sugar bed , our slend bed , our third is always in the middle of the wallet .
And he said he needed these guns because his damage that had experienced in the past when a child .
He need them to feel secure .
But these guns actually a little bit of a message , and although he hadn 't lifted my arms , but my life was in danger of every day .
She said to me , I was told me five years ago .
It was seven times when I was sleeping .
I 'm on my storma , I am a freak of paper that I 'd like to be my grandfather 's paper and I felt satisfaction , my colleague , my body was like to train my arms around my neckps
Five-and-weight , he was a little mruped man on my neck , and I dress my dress my dress , and I was married with him .
And for the things that happened , I 'm sure we 're going to live happily ever because I love him and he love me so much .
And he was very stressed .
He was really very nervous in weddings and family to me .
It 's a distinctive , and he 's never going to hurt me .
It has happened twice more time in the week .
First time , I was driving to find a vaster cabinet and I was lost , and he was on my head , I was very strong to me beating my door into the front door of the car .
And so few days later , when she was driving his home after the moon , his uncle was tired of car , and he threw his bags at the Big Lama .
My superpove hit me two times every week for two months later and the half years from the married .
I was wrong to think I thought I was the only one and I was alone in this .
One third of women in the country 's family , by the time , and the CD Codes has 15 million children per year , 15 million .
So I 'm actually in a very good job .
Back my questions : Why did I stay ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know him 're me .
Even he was on my first desk , my curt me on my floor , threatening my dog , pull the keys out of my car when I was driving my car into highway cracking down my head , and I was never given a
Instead , I was a strong woman in love with a man who had trouble , and I was the only person on the earth who could help him face him with his ugly .
The other question that people ask , why don 't you leave ?
Why don 't I go ? I can leave any chance .
For me , that 's the sad and the most painful question , because we , the ones who know something that you don 't know : it 's a terrible danger to leave a fellow fellow .
Because the final step in the family of the family was killed her .
Over 70 percent of the domestic violence that happened after the victim of the relationship , after she left , and after that executives had nothing left .
But the other thing that 's been very slowed , for the infantuts , even the same from the re-offenders ; the implications of the entire world 's family and the family of the family system to do the fear
And we have continued to ask , why don 't you leave it ?
I could just go , because of the course of the most violent , I was able to hit my left .
I realized that my man loved love to kill me if I left him .
So I broke the silence .
I told people : the police , my neighbor , my friends and family , who was totally strange , and I was here today because you 're helping me .
We have a stereotype view of victim as horror , the women who are confident , the ones that hurt .
And the question , " Why is you ? "
The reason for some people , " It was his faultus , " as the victim of choice as a manifestered mankind to the destruction of our destruction .
But since David says , " Arazy Love , " I heard hundreds of stories from men and women who had left , who learned a life-long life-to-old life , but what happened , and who builds life -- happiness
Because I was a victim of violence that ended me my interest to be a typical living woman from violence .
I married back to a man with a very good man , and we had a child with three children .
I have my Blackberry , and I have a Canan .
And I never had half the time , was a really cooler in my head who was telling me that he was me .
Now , you might be thinking , " Oh , this is great , " Oh , how much stupid , but I 'm actually talking about you .
I 'm sure that you 're listening to me at the moment who are being abused or people who are used to be used as small as the child who are themselves .
The compromise can affect your daughter , your girlfriend , your closest cousins .
I can finish my crazy love by discovering silence .
I 'm actually exploding today .
This is how I helped other other victims , and this is my last request .
Let 's talk about what you 're listening here .
The reincidence of fear .
You have power to end up simply by sending light into a light .
We are victims of people .
We need to get your attention to violence .
Pascades of the blinkling of the morning by talking about it with your children , your friends , friends and family .
They teach their lives as they are , but the happily , is cute in the open future .
He knows the early warning of the violence and the lies of the conscience , down to the victim of the safely .
Together we can make our bedrooms our food and our family 's family and safety .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are about 10,000 bird in the world .
The venom is the one of the most dangerous buses .
When you saw a lumpy , this first thing that was in the beginning of the world is , these are really ugly creatures , bad food , and you just aimed to you , in the way of the politicians .
I wanted to change that experience . I wanted to change the feelings that you 're going to hang on these birds , because they need to be compassion . They really need .
I 'm going to tell you why .
First of all , why are they impressed so ?
Charles Charles Darwin was over the Pacific Ocean to the 16-232 from the Beinle , he saw the Turkey Schlaude , he said , " These birds are busting with the bright head of the head that '
You can 't get worse , much more of the Darwinian .
You know , he changed his mindset when he came back , let me tell you why .
They were combined with Disney -- by becoming successful , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 're following in news in Kenya -- -- these are the attributable attributings that are linked to the guidges .
I want to resist the resistance for you know ?
Because the air is not cleaning clean .
The police couldn 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They hardly barely make a single--law-bail .
They 're old extinct .
And , what I like most is , the more leaked that are much more .
There are two kind of nurturing of this planet .
The New York Times Square is found in the United States , like theodor and the car that 's driving the World Trade Center , where there 's 16 species tall , and 16 kilometers species have 11 species species .
So , why is it that matters ? Spective , they 're all the time , they provide the services of the weakness . They clean up .
They 're actually natural freakoms .
They clean clean deadly .
They help kill out bacteria . They help to make coalpimes that could spread , and causing them loss to the livestock and feed them .
The latest studies shown that in areas that there are no need to navigate need to be about three times four times to go back and forth , and the huge outcome from this is the spread of disease .
The reprogation also has a great history of their importance .
They were combined with cultural culture .
Nkhetet is the symbol of guard and the mother , and with the tiger , the symbolic symbol of the sentence between the C.S. and the cross-up .
In the Hindu , Jatayu was the softer , he was risked his life to rescuing the femine from the first Navana .
In the Tibetical Transition , they 're actually working very important . In places like in Tibet , there 's no place to kill dead , or not fire to fire , so the humankoly provideres provide a
So what is driving the drivinger ?
We have 8,000 units of the existing signs of Kenya , in six species species that are threatened with a very high risk of risk .
The reason is they 're being poisoned , they 're dominated by the overlap between the middle-wild and the wildlife . These communities are using this particular material to go back to the animals but instead of , and the sh
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four humbling of repressive files on the list of this highly weak list , which means that they 're less than 10 or 15 years to reach the extinct and the reason is because they '
This is banned from the medical industry in India .
Because there 's no new meme , there 's a huge amount of wilder number of the number of dogs in the areas that have a planet of the land of the land that when you have a wilder , you have a huge promise
Keny has a great largest field of Africa in 35 to three3 hours will be installed in Lakeland .
I don 't think the wind , but we need to work with the government , because the wind incentives make these bird . They cut off .
They 're the tiles of bird .
In Africa , there is a dead-famitive trade-offclosure to serve the magic markets and stadium .
So what did we do ? We 're doing this research on these bird . We 're actually making a signal on them .
We 're trying to figure out their primary school , and they marked where they go .
We can see them move so many different countries , so if you just focus on problems on the scale , it wouldn 't help you .
We need to work with government in the area .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking about how respected the intrudent , the essential needs of the world to honor these beautiful creatures and the benefits that they bring .
How do you help you ? You can become a potential , create a voice . You can write your government and tell them that we need to pay attention to these blinking these littleness . A little bit of a time-to-day message .
When you stepped out of this room , you 'd have information about the classical humpical , but let 's tell your family , your children , neighboring verback .
They 're very adequate . Charles Darwin said he was talking about his boss , because he saw seeing his flying as a non-force power .
Kenya , the world , will be much more than if there 's not these beautiful animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a bright wake when I heard my favorite sound in my apartment .
My father was listening to the BBC on his little light guy .
He raped a smile , which is very unusual for news .
He 's just the way it : " The Taliban are already ! "
And I didn 't know , but I can see my father , very happy .
" Now , can it really be entry , and he says .
A morning I couldn 't forget .
A school school .
You know , the Taliban are over Afghanistan , since I was six and I stopped the girls .
In the next five years , I was eating a little bit like a boy to go to my grandmother to a secret school because she was banned from my house .
It 's the only way we can go to school .
Every day we go to different ways to not get a question of our destiny .
We hides in textbooks like the farmers ' market , so people will think we 're just shopping .
This one in a house , more than 100 us in a small room .
Pretty warm in the winter , but the summer is hot .
All of us are knowing that she 's risking her own , and our parents and our parents .
There were several times , the school had closed a week for a week for the Taliban .
We wondered what we knew about us .
Did we have this shot ?
Do they know where we are ?
We were scared , but we didn 't go to school .
I 'm very fortunate to be raised in a very respected family and the girl who 's got .
My grandfather was a remarkable person who was mad at that time .
One was completely left off a single-looking place in Afghanistan , he was hucked for his daughter , my mother got to school , and so he was his father .
But my mother had education teacher became a teacher .
She 's here .
She was two years old to her house to open school and women in their neighbors .
And this is my father who was his first son in his family was educated .
No doubt that his son will be educated , including his daughter , regardless of the Taliban , and despite the danger .
To him , the one is not a greater danger .
In the Taliban , I remember that there was some of me , I was angry angry about our lives and had no fear .
I 'd like to get out of school , but my father , he says , " Listen , you can lose everything on this life .
The money can be robbed . You can have to be left from the house during the time .
But one thing that exists to be the same thing that is going to be the same thing , and if we 're going to have to get to get to get to get to pay for us to get to pay for us , we 're going
So , the other kid continues to continue on ?
Today I was 22 years old .
I was raised in a country that was killed by decades .
At least more than six percent of my older women who are educated after high school , and if my family is not my own about my job , I become one of them .
But , I was proud of this proud student who was a high school student .
When I was back Afghanistan , my grandfather , I was being passed by family because he dared his daughter to go to me , was one of the first people who were celebrated me .
He didn 't reveal my degree of diplomats , but I was the first woman , and I was the first lady who could afford him in the Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed big , but my family is more likely to wish me .
So I 'm the global ambitions of 1010 , this is the global movement to feminist .
So I helped to SOOLAL , the first school and certainly the only way to girls in Afghanistan , a country that was still threatened to girls to school .
I 'm very excited to see my students to the ambition to embrace this opportunity .
And I saw my parents and father and my father , their support , and even if I was seeing a lot of difficulty .
It 's like , Ahmed . It 's not his own reality , and I can 't get his face , but Ahmed is my father 's father .
At least a month , and he was his daughter on SahLA from their village , and they actually only died just to kill a leg from a street in a few minutes .
When he was about to his house , he was a venge , he had a threat to him , he would have his eyes , he would have a little girl to go to school , they would try to look at it .
And he said , " If you want to kill me , but I won 't destroy my future for the great ideas of the human mind and the human-term . "
I 've now discovered about Afghanistan , and this is what it was in the West , and after most of us who are successful is a man who respected their dignity and people see their success as their success .
This is not a mother who 's not important in our success .
Indeed , they 're the first person and the Lancers for a future of their daughter , but in social situations like Afghanistan , we need to support the menuction .
In the Taliban , the girl who went to the hundreds of the memory , that 's illegal .
But today , more than three million women are in Afghanistan in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is very different from looking at the United States .
I find American people see vulnerability , fragile .
I fear that all those changes will not be after dragging after the U.S. military .
But when I was about Afghanistan , when I saw my students in my school and their parents support them , encouraging them , I saw a promise of promise and change changes in the long time .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , the ability for limitless , and every single-thorn women of SOLA reminds me .
Like , they have a dream of big .
Thank you .
Hi . This is my cell phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a telephone also give you free for your freedom .
With a mobile cell , you can record the images of the Afghan actions of Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can post a message on Tweet and start to participate in a protest protest in Egypt .
And with a telephone , you can record a song , it posted it up to SoundCo , and they become famous .
All that 's absolutely possible to be your cell phone .
I was a kid in 1984 , and I live in the Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , in this city .
You can see here , thousands of people people are up and representing the transformation .
It was in 1989 , and let 's imagine the people who stood up and performing the exchange of a change that 's a mobile phone in the pocket .
Who in the mobile room cell phones ?
Go up it .
Go your next telephone up , your next telephone your cell !
Pear it up . A little phone and telephone , glober wow .
A lot . Today , most of us have a mobile phone .
But I 'm going to talk about my own and my phone , and how it changes my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There 's 35 miles of 30 .
The data sett .
But why do it leaks up here ?
The reason is the next spring in 2006 , the European Union happened to have a whole thing .
It 's called the data data .
This indicator tells you every single telecommunications in Europe , every single Internet service provider on the European area , has to record a vast amount of information about users users .
Who are calling to who ? Who who sent someone email ?
Who sent anyone to passengengo ?
And if you use cell phones , this is where the problem exists .
All of this information has been stored at least six months , for two years by the home that you 're using or the U.S. supply ] .
And in Europe , people are up up and said , " We don 't want that . "
They said , we don 't want this mortgation .
We wanted to get the freedom of digital technology , and we didn 't want to show companies that companies and the Internet service provomes all of their information .
They are lawyers , journalists and all theaters , all of these say , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 1,200 people marched on the street in Berlin and the LFline of " Freedom , " fearless fear . "
And some people even said , it 's like like $ 2.0 2.0 .
Stasi is the police force in the Nazas .
I used to ask myself , actually , in fact , this is actually ?
Will they re-digink our whole information ?
Every time we use our mobile cell phones ?
So I asked my Network , D.A.cheche Telk , the suppressorian provider service at the time , and I asked them , please , give me my entire information that they 've stocked .
I asked them to ask me to just me , and I kept continuously requiring , but what I got was a clear answer . Blahahlah .
But then I said , I wanted to get these information , because they were saving my life .
And I decided to put a laws to court , because I wanted to get these information .
But Deutsche Trik said , no , we won 't give you this information .
And finally , I had a deal with them .
I 'm going to zip the case , and they will give me the information I love .
Because at the time , the court constitution building account that was the description of the European Union , it was no longer in the German state .
So I got this beautiful brown cherish with a CD in the inside .
And on the CD , the one I need to be on there .
35 thousand , the information .
First I looked at it , and I said , okay , it 's a big data . Good .
But then I realized , this was all my life .
This is my life in six months , and I was documented in this whole lot of data .
Then I got a little bit , I was wondering , what did it do ?
Because I can see where I 've been there , where I sleep every night , I did .
But then I said , I wanted to do this information .
I want to get it to get by public .
Because I want to show people what the data looks like .
So for Zeit Online and Overnen Dal City , I 've done the same thing .
These are images images of life in six months that were my record .
You can zoom or you can zoom on it or you can reverse the return or a little bit backward .
You can see my step .
You can even know me Frankenzen by trains to Cology , and the frequency I call the center of those two places .
All of these can be with this information .
I had a fear .
But the information isn 't just about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First , it just looks like this , I call my wife and I call me back , we talked to each other three times .
And then some of you call me call them , they call each other .
And then you call you , and you call you , and you 're going to have this big communication network .
But you can see how we communicate with each other , they 're going to sleep .
You can see all that .
You can see the most vulnerable , sort of like leadership leaders in a group .
If you have access to these data , you can see the activity of the community , society .
If you have access to these data , you can control society .
This is a drawing of design for countries like China or Iran .
This is a drawing of a scanning to look at the society , by which you know whoever speaks whoever people who are sent to email , all that could be if you have access to these information .
And these information was stored at least six months in Europe , until about two years .
So I said when I started , imagine if all these people on the Berlin in the Berlinon had spent a cell phone cell in a pocket .
And maybe Stasi will know who who joined in this protests , and if Stasi knows who are leaders who are behind , it might never happen .
The plot of the Berlin may not exist .
And so if you can , the collapse of the irony in the free War is not going to survive .
Because today , the odds and the companies want to record the information that they have as much as possible , the online and online .
They wanted to be able to watch the living of us , and maybe they want to record these information at all time .
The mastery and the living in the digital age , not in conflict .
What you should do is to fight for your own self-up .
And you have to fight for it for a day .
After that , when you go home , tell your friends , that privacy is a 21st century , and that 's not a mistake .
When you go home , say , just as your neighbor is that the companies and the functional agency can hold on specific information , even though they don 't necessarily do that .
And if you don 't trust me , ask the data provider , they 've stocked .
So in the future , whenever you use your phone , let it remind you that you have to fight for the individual compassion in this age .
Thank you .
Photography is my passion for me since I was sufficient to a camera , but I would like to share with you 15 , I was most of the most important , and I didn 't take any of them .
There 's no technical director , no more no , no , no , no , even though .
In fact , most of them are taken by travel travelers .
The story began when I was to New York City to participate in my speech and my wife took a girl on my first birthday on the first day of the day , and we stood at the top of 57 and five .
We were all back to New York , and we decided to take a picture of this .
You can see where the story is where .
When I was going to go to my third birthday , my wife said , " Why don 't you delable to New York to do a tourism with a father and a girl , and then you go on " to the " ? "
Since then we started touring through touring through the photograph .
You know , my visual gestures for a completely global stranger is full of all the way to do it .
No one refused no , no luck has no left with our cameras .
And we didn 't know what was going to change our lives .
It 's become authenticity .
This was taken a couple weeks after 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what was happening in the ways that a five-year-old child could understand .
These pictures are not just representing representing a single moment , or a certain particular .
They 're how we stopped our time in a week of December , about thinking about our time and how we change every year , not just physical , but it was all of the face .
Because although we 're taking a picture , but our view has changed , the daughter got to be new , new , and I was looking at life through the eyes of the eyes , how it looked at and so with everything .
And the time we spent on was this one of us and we expect to all of the time .
And recently , in a trip , we 're now , the way I 'm going to stop the circle of the road , and it 's just the redes of the shale of the shoohr , but it 's very
She described me a feeling of the age of five , when I was standing in that position .
It said it remembers that she was going to put out of his chest when it saw it once , and it was nine years old .
And now it 's now in New York , the school camp , because it decided to go to New York .
And I realized : one of the most important things we create is memories .
So I want to share the idea of a mind that 's a role of making a memory .
I don 't know what you 're , but but in 15 , I don 't show a lot of these family facilities .
I always got a photograph .
So today I want to encourage everybody else to be in the picture , and don 't take a blank step to someone , and , " Well , you take pictures that help us ? "
Thank you .
I never forget my grandmother to honor -- she died in the shallow , " Man , you can fight the Gaddafi .
But nevertheless you to make a revolutionary of Gaddafi . "
It was almost two years since the village of the Santa Cold exploded , was killed by by the lesge of the ceiling of the elite swelled in the Tunisian and Egyptian .
I joined in the high-force forces and I got to call the day of the day and to start a response to the authoritarian Gradten regime .
And that 's a great revolution .
The young women who are the world 's war on the country , the country , the more of the speech , the dignity , social justice .
They were a clear shot in the face of the first of the opposite of the Aquafi 's degree of the devastating performance of the Gaddafi .
They showed a union of a living , lumped , dunbably dental dyst of the east to stretched into the southern .
After all , after six months of polio brutal damage to the neck of people who were stipped up to the country and we were laughingping the names of the Heart .
However , Gadafi has left a burden , a legacy of the nerves , corruption and the divides .
In the four decades , the venomian authoritarian Gradafi was destroyed the infrastructure as the culture and the moral industry in society .
The perception of the destruction and the challenges , I am like many women , the re-conceking , the African-state African society , calls for all the way and the transport of the city and national and the national .
200 200 institutions were founded in Behhazi during that time and instantly after Gaddafi had collapsed -- nearly 300 in the Pacific Coast .
After 33 years of my life , I went back to Libya , with a single blood cell , I started to develop the training training skills , developing human leadership skills .
And I was a great women besiege , I was founded the Protese Sufese Boerrom in Virginia for Peacebank , the leading of women , from the different parts of society , to enabled the empowerment
I was in the very difficult position of the campaign , the more and the more and the more , the more and the more violent environment , which was shaped by the political and politically controlled by the treatment of the treatment and exclusively .
I led a young architect from Sufus ' marketed to travel lobby for a transporting of a mobile lawyer , a rule that could take every citizen , no matter how citizens come , and the most important thing is to put the rules
And eventually , our very well-to-one , has been accepted and succeeded .
Women won 17 175 percent of the U.S. in the last 58 years .
However , once , a little bit of a minute , the excitement from the elections and the revolutionary transformation , and after that day we had woke up with news beliefs about violence .
We have a day of news for the ancient form of ancient bones and the grave of the Sufi .
We 're wake up with news about the American slavery Pripert and the attack of the boun .
We 're getting up with the idea of the military school officers .
And every day every day we woke up with the rule of the armed forces and the average of their communication on the rights of people who were also equally respected to regimes .
Our societies , by formal , revolution , and then left away from the ideal , the definition of liberty , dignity , social status we 're chasing at the beginning .
UTless , not least , and the reports become a symbol of the meaning .
I won 't have a very inspiring idea for you to create the visualization of the draft and the elections .
And I came to this sort of behold to admit that we had -- the whole country had made a mistake , made it wrong .
We didn 't priorit rights rights .
Because the unequal peace are , peace or security for Libya .
Will the scramped of the account and the interrogation between the male and the southern-graders and women who are serving peace and peace ?
No , no .
So what 's the last thing that has helped ?
Why is our social impact on a society and a domain and political system , of the most inspiring economies of the rule and exclus , because of both men and women ?
Perhaps the missing is not only about the feminity of women , but also the women 's values about compassion , tolerance , and inclusion .
Our society needs a national conversation and the prosperity of the building is needed to elections , which is just to increase the distribution and split it .
Our societies need to have more individual attributes from women than the need to look at the population of the world .
We needed to stop acting like such a bold act , stopping of the day .
We needed to start act like the author of compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a conversation about female not to honor but to actually manage tolerance instead of the fear of the landscape , instead of competition , instead of control .
These are the necessary ideas that the country has been devastated from a very highly celebrated desert .
Because peace is like the author of the universe , it needs to be a repuation of the interstate , the interplitt between between male and men .
It 's a real-looking .
And we need to establish the habitat before , in politics , the society .
According to a song in the Koran " Salam " -- peace -- " is the God of God , tolerant , " Goom . "
Then , from " The Talk " is known for the cavprilian cramped , the same root of the Arabic language is " the " -- -- the female-to-Eo-laporith -- the mother-c
And because the solution is that the embryonic is emboding its own , symphony of the life of the injury is all the way .
So we 're being taught to say , " tolerance is something that 's going to be .
So we 're being taught to say , " Your tolerance is won . "
May each of us is for remittim tolerance of tolerance .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I was experiencing a little bit like Nice in the Central Line .
In Penn State requires me , a teaching teacher teaching a new courses for students .
I was very afraid .
It 's really frightening . She 's afraid to have their students , big books , all the words .
But when these conversations open , I experienced the most of Alice , and when she falls down to the rabb and she comes out of the door to lead new to a new generation .
It 's just what I feel when I 'm talking about students , I 'm amazed in their ideas , and I want other people who are also experiencing this incredible experience of this .
I believe that the key to the door is the potential to communicate .
We can have to communicate with the scientists and engineers to change the world .
The scientists and engineers are the people who are confronted with the biggest challenges , from the environment to the environment and the environment , and more , if we don 't know and don 't understand that , it 's not going to be ,
But the communication of things can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't get us to their own .
And the scientists and engineers , let 's get us with us .
I want to share some of the things to do that we find the science of charming , sexually , very attractive .
The first is : What ?
Why is science related to us .
Don 't just say that you 've done the skeletal research , but let you look at the skeletal , it 's like the nets of the bones that we should let it is to know about to restore the bones of the
When the description of science , careful , as if you use language .
The way we prevented your ideas .
And it can be say , " Eatiator and the gelds , " but we can 't use " diving and heart . "
The ideal idea is to not understand that it is not lower .
Instead , like the U.N. shitters , it 's just as much as simpler , but it 's not simpler .
Obviously , you can talk about scientific problems without breaking out of ideas .
So hanging on for example , storytelling , suggesting that is that the way we engage , and we can enjoy what you say .
And when you say , don 't use the first bricks .
Have you ever wondered why they call them " bricks ? "
When the voyets ? The tuttillment , killing it !
This is a slide like this , not boring , but also depend on too much in the brain region , that we 're getting sick .
Instead , this slide of Geneevieneeneberg is actually more . It shows the causality of the powerful tissue that it really inspire architecture of the pyramid .
And the trick is that used to simple sentences and readily audiences can be able to identify with it , and then use the visual image of that to help us understand more than the presentations .
I think this is just a couple of the same handful to help us open the window and see the beautiful humanities of technology and technology .
My engineers do I have to know that I 've got to know how to get me to know , so I 'd like to summarize with a equation .
Take " scientist " to the " bricks " and " " " to " say " " gratification , " sharing the great share with the audience , then with the passion for you , but for the result of the job you 're doing ,
And so , the scientists and engineers , when you 're going to do this , by the way , say , let 's say eight things .
Thank you .
Hi . I am Cameron Rufus , and in short of the past time , I 'm a prototype .
In fact , in the last 10 years .
And I felt there was a very uncomfortable press in this room in this room because I should not put this shrimp .
I 've got to say that I 've got a different set of different things .
This is the first time that the people on the stage of TED , so I thought you 're very lucky to see this .
If some of them feel horrified when I come out , you don 't tell me right now , but then I 'll go through Twitter .
I realized that I was very lucky to change what you think about me in 10 seconds .
Not everybody has a chance to do this .
This couch boiling this is uncomfortable , and I don 't define them .
The worst part is that these landscapes are pointing at the top of the world , so you 're laughing , so don 't do anything when it 's on top of me .
All right .
Why did I do that ?
It 's a really emusy .
Actually , hopefully , it 's not a strange way of this image .
The visual is very powerful , but it 's also very creative .
I 've just absolutely changed absolutely what you think about me six seconds .
And in this image , I actually had no clips in my life .
And I felt very uncomfortable at the time , and my photo was taken my back to his hut and put his naked guy .
And of course , exception , or the luman trophis , I have two days ago to take pictures , which are very few things that we can do to change our appearance , and look away , even though it 's going
So today , with me , fearless of all means to work .
And I stood on stage because I was a prototype .
I stand on this stage because I beautiful , because I 'm beautiful , white and white , and we 're calling a girl seduction .
And I 'll answer the questions that people still ask me , but with real .
The first is , how do I become the prototype ?
And I always always say , " Oh , I 'm discovering , but it 's not a sense .
I actually became my model because I won the genetic lottery , and I was the very respect to be able to participate , and maybe you were wondering what to build .
In the last decades , we 've been pretty good to define is not just healthy and youth and the weight we have programmed biological and pre-mumoring , but the height , the lines and circles and white .
This is the legacy of being built for me and that 's the legacy I made money on it .
I know that some of you are skepticical , and maybe there are some of these beautiful models that are beautiful , like Wait . Naoma . Jra Sm Smalls . Live Smen . "
I want to compress the implus about your own . It 's just a symbol .
But unfortunately , I 've got to tell you about 2007 , a Ph.D. student , in the University of New York , statistic , who 's all of the people on the floor , and in 677 people who are h
And the next question that people ask me is , " You can be a child when I 'm not ? "
And my first answer is , " You don 't know , you don 't know how to do . "
But the next answer I really wanted to say to these girls , " Why ? "
You know , I can 't be anyone .
You can become American president , or the next year to come to a next chapter , or a surgeon who has a cardiologist , or aphologist , or a new surgeon , or a very heart , he 's going to be absolutely
If , after a very interesting list , you still say , " No , no , no , I can want to be a girl , " I 'll say , " Do your manager . "
Because you have no power , you can be the editor of the Uogue in the United States or the CEO of the & amp ; M , or Steven Meisel .
Talk to say that you wanted to be a prototype when I grew up like she would like to say that she wanted to get tickler tickets when she was .
It 's out of control of their control , and it 's amazing , but it 's not a career path .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you -- with 10 years of experience I 've accumuluously since I do it , because it 's not like the cardiac surgeon , so it takes a short time .
If the photographer is there , in the same way , like a very nice user interface , and when the customer says , " Camer , we want to take pictures of moving away , " so this legs go , and the long , then this
So this is this .
And hopefully , it 's less than a little bit more than the image .
I don 't know what happens at the moment .
It 's pretty scary after you 've done , you write the Lumété and you 've done some of you , you can 't say anything else , if you say to become the president of the United States but you can
And the next question that people ask me , " Well , all of these are all the right-end pictures ? "
That , it 's almost all of these photos are edited , but it 's just a little elementary of things happening .
This is one of the first pictures that I used to photograph , and I first took my come show , and I hadn 't even been a marathon .
I know that we 're going to star on the personal , but I am a little girl .
This is my little bit , my grandmother 's side to a few months .
This is me in the same day I photographed my photograph .
My friend 's mine .
This is me a day-in-day night I spent a photo-guck-day party when I photographeded for Vogue French .
This is me with the football team in the V.A.
And this is me .
I hope you saw -- the images on me are not my image .
That 's what images are made , and it 's built by a team of experts , barbershop , experts , experts and restaurants , all sorts of people , their sewages , and the manufacturing of the manufacturer , and they created
And the next question I 've got asked is , " What are you for your free ? "
I have a lot of my hometers of 20-centimeter I 'm never going to , ever since , but the free item that I 've been getting is that I 've been in real life , and that 's what we
I grew up at Cambridge , and I went to the store , and I was able to put money on the money and they gave me a free-hand .
As a woman , I sat in a car , and she was a very frightening , and she was left , and we were stopped , and all of what I was doing was saying , " I 'm sorry , and we can go on .
I have the luxur-gree-girling things that I 'm looking at my far , not because I am there and people who are willing to spend a lot of money to their people than they are .
I live in New York , and last year , in 140,000 teenagers and catch , 706 percent are black and Latinos , the majority are teenagers .
In New York , 17 17,000 people and black people , and therefore , the question isn 't , " Am I amn ? "
I 'm going to be How many times ? "
When I was preparing for this talk , I discovered that 53 percent of the 13-year-old boys in America don 't like their body , and this number up to 78 percent when they 're 17 years old .
And the final question that people ask me is : " How is it possible ? "
I think that what they want to hear is , " If you thin a little bit , and your sie is more eam , you will be happy and joy . "
And when we were behind the chicken , we gave the answers to the same answer .
" It was great to travel , and work with people who create , and inspiring and enthusiasm . "
And that 's the truth , but it 's just about half of that , because we never never talked about the lens , which I never mention before the tube , which is me .
I 'm not because I have to think about my image everyday .
And you can ask yourself , " If your thighs and your sperm , and I 'll be happier ? "
You just have a meeting of reference people , because they have the furniest , the greatest niver , and the most beautiful , and they can be the most un-game women on the planet .
When I wrote this statement , I felt very hard to find the balance of the balance , because I was very uncomfortable , to say , " I have all of this stuff because I 'm being wired for , and it feels really hard to follow with
But mostly the subject is to dissect a whole generation of gender and ethnicity while I was one of the most most benefited .
But I 'm also happy and honored the other I 'd say , " I 've been to 10 times , 10 or 30 or 30 years , and I used to work with my companies in my career , because I can 't tell
If there 's something that struck in this talk , I hope that it 's all we 're feeling more comfortable than acknowledging the power of our image of success and fails .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help us improve our lives .
We don 't tone them around , so there are so many levels of never known , even though we share public spaces .
So over the past few years , I 'm trying to share more with my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paperwork , paper and phery .
And these project came from questions that I was like , as my neighbor , right , how much money I had to pay for their houses ?
How do we go and borrow a lot more than you don 't type at the doorway to the next time ?
How do we share more than our memories of buildings , abandoned buildings , and we better understanding what better than our views ?
And how we share more hopeful of our hope for the grid of cars , as our communities can reflect our need and our dream of what we need ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in New Orleans .
My mind was always being sought by the oak tree , the more of the ones , lobby , the clotheters and the ones who were talking about hundreds of years , and I believed in the city that were always for the
I feel like anybody 's bad news , New Orleans have a whole range of adventure .
The city has a beautiful structural , the best architectural world in the world , but it has also some of the most of the cost of the cost of the cost of the United States .
I live near this house , and I think I can make it a beautiful place for my neighborhood , and I think about something that has changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost my father to be very passionate .
Her name is Joan , and she was a mother to me , and her death was a surprise and not to .
And I thought about a very , very much , and it made me feel deep for me to have a sense of time , and I was very clear that the definition of my life was now .
But I struggled to keep this in perspective .
I felt so easy to grasp the day day , and forget about what was really meaningful to you .
So with the help of the old friends , and I 'm moving on this wilder building into a giant tabletalk and aptured with a story of a single-mon-lorchenter , " Before I die , I
I don 't know what to look at this trial , but in the next day , the walls have absolutely been closed , and it continued to grow .
And I wanted to share some of what people write on the wall .
" Before I die , I want to try to robbize . "
" Before I died , I wanted to be on the foot on the International Wand . "
" Before I die , I wanted to sing for millions of people . "
" Before I died , I wanted to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live out of the box . "
" Before I die , I wanted to get her to once . "
" Before I die , I wanted to be a wander of someone .
" Before I died , I wanted to finish myself . "
So this space has been made of a concrete space , and the hope and the dreams of people who made me laughed , tears , and they comfort me during my time .
That 's what you know , you don 't just have one .
It 's about understanding the people around us and new ways .
It 's about creating a space for the reflective and contemplation , and remember that what 's most significant to us is that we grow and change .
I made this last year last year , and started to get hundreds of letters from people who wanted to make a wall in their community , so the people who were paying attention to the community , so the people who were paying attention and I made a tool
Together , we 've just been our spaces , our power to have a power to get a voice and share a lot more than another .
Two essential things we have time and time to others .
In the age of growth in our distribution , this is more important than to find ways to keep the perspective and remember that life is short and soft .
The death is something that we often don 't usually encouraged to say or even think , but I 've been realized that prepared for death is one of the most powerful things you can do .
Think about death to make you .
Our spaces are able to better reflect reflect on what happens to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fears and narratives , the people around us not only can help us do better places , they can help us
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I do math and applications that are a common problem for anyone who 's going to work , and we 're like a judner .
Nobody knows what we 're doing .
So I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Well , dance is one of the human behaviors .
We love the mastery of the L.A. and the parasit , you can see later .
The three-wound requirements , a highly special and highly functional level and the range of matches with this relevant relevant genetic .
It 's sad , psychotic hallucinations , Parkinson 's disease , devastating this particular disease , like that is going to give me a friend of Strripling , who is a third artist , and he has a Ph.
During the last year has been huge progress in the treatment process .
However , 6.3 million people on the globe , and they have to live in the despair , the shaking , the trophying , and the symptoms with this disease . What we need is to make instruments to detect the disease before too
We need to measure the progressive , objectively , the only way we know when we actually have a treatment , and when we have a proper approach to be able to answer certainty .
But sadly is to Parkinson 's disease and other disorders of other , they don 't have a biode , so there 's no bloody methodology that you can do , and the best we 've got to this test neuros
You need to go to the hospital to do it . It 's very cost , it 's a mean that is going out of the clinical trials , it never has done .
But if if the patient can do this test at home ?
That would actually be a little trip to the clinic , and if the patient can be done to test , again ?
It 's not just the time of the staff of the staff .
Just for about 300 dollars , but to do this in the medical clinic .
So what I 'd like to propose you to be a traditional way that we can achieve this , as you can see , at least some direction , we 're all like these things like Jan Stripling .
Here we have a clip of the shattering vibrations .
That sustained fruit and people are talking , and we can watch ourselves as the three-healthy , three-packed , we 're all right to all of the simulized structures that we produce , and we all have the
It 's like apton that 's a very special way to get trained in particular .
I mean , long , it 's long time to take a child who 's going to say .
From the sound , we can actually track the spotlight of vibrations , when the constraints are affected by Parkinson 's , the body is the same .
So in the lower graph , you can see an example of the trance of the wheel .
We see all the symptoms .
We see noise , the depression and the co-grey .
The more voice is more and more and more than the one , and that 's one of the symptoms .
These effects can really be hard to happen , in some cases , but with any digital microad , and use the software-trapose machine , the standard of the theory of synthesis , the advanced discovery that we can determine the exact
So how do these trials are based on this voice compared to a clinical trial , both of them are not going to win each other .
The testing of the brain doesn 't have insurgent . They 're used to existing facilities .
You don 't have to design a new operating system of this exercise .
And both of these are precise , but more of the thing , the testing of the voices are no clinically .
That means that it can be done .
The rapid speed , only about 30 seconds of weight .
It 's very low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something became a very cheap , it would be popularized .
So , this is some of the great great things that I think we can do now .
We can do it for a very careful need for patients .
It 's not necessary to go to the clinic .
We can actually look at observations with high numbers of data to get the data .
We can do this employment with a low cost to perform clinical trials , the default on the scale of the population is possible in the first time .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the pre-trace-old of the prefrontal conditions before it 's too late .
So to perform the first step towards us , we 're actually making the way the answer is to Parkinson 's .
With Saulab and the Patrient MLee , we 're aiming to record the voice to a huge amount of mass on the globe to collect data and start four serving targets .
We have the neighborhoods that can be accessible to three parts of a billion people on planet .
Anybody who or maybe or Parkinson 's disease can call to the price , and to record soundscapes , and I 'm really pleased to announce that we 've achieved six percent of our eight hours .
Thank you .
Tom Rie : So Max , by sampling all of these samples for 10,000 people , you can tell who you are and who ?
What are you going to conclude from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah . What 's going to happen is , when you call you a sickness , you have no idea .
You can see , some people may not do that . Maybe they won 't call it .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of data that collects from all of different situations together and the results that are in the same case that 's important to be , because we 're looking at the underlying causes , and find the
So at the x level , is 86 percent ?
More than that .
Actually , my student , theanasisan , I had to praise him , because he made some fantastic tasks , he proved that this could be done in the mobile phone cell , which allows this project to be done , and the correct
Nine-two . Yeah , a whole-hopper .
So that means that people can probably -- can people call their cellphones and to test this , and the people who Parkinson 's can call , their voice sounds , and then doctors can see their development , their health condition to carry sick .
Exactly .
Thank you very much . Hanitiarittittles .
Thank you , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is the South Central : the store , the food , the fast food , the wilder .
So the planes are together together and they 're going to change the South Central to make it different . So they changed the L. LX , the other problem that will solve the problems that are happening in cities .
This is the South L.A. .
Cows store , food , wild .
Like , 26 and millions of Americans in America , I live in a Cungarian , in South Central L.A. , the house of the food barbeats on the road and the murder and running .
The interesting thing is that the food sugar is the next generation is killing more than more than the accident and the way it left .
In South Central L.A. , people dying of diseases can be able to fix .
For example , obesity rate in the regions I 'm at the time compared to Beverly Hills , not about 16 kilometers .
I 'm tired to see this .
And I wondered , how do you feel that there is no healthy food , when every time comes out of your door to see the bad impacts that the food system is making in your life ?
I saw the wheelchair being sold as much as the same way .
I saw the rise of airborns grow up as many Starbucks .
And I realized that that was end .
I realized that the problem was the solution .
Poor food is actually problem and food is also a solution .
And I also feel tired of having to drive a 45-minute swim -- just buy a breath that 's not exclusible .
What I did was was a plant in the front door .
It 's on a half of the earth we call the road .
It grows out three feet long , 50 .
The problem is , that land is about the city .
But you have to look at it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want to , because that 's my responsibility and I 'm looking at it . "
And this is how I look at that land .
I 'm my crew , the Green C.A. , we come together and started growing the food : the food , you know , nine fruit plants .
We 're a group of cheweling , which are garden-to-differers from many different lives , from all of the city , and they 're totally , and everything we do .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
Then there was complaining .
Cities to come to me , and the point was to give me a writer , I asked to take out the garden . It was a sort of thing back to court .
And I can , " Come on , " Really ? "
A clay , because of the plant , plant planted the soil on the ground that people don 't care about ? "
And I said , " All right . "
Because this is where it 's not .
And then the L.A.Ds who was convicted , the Lopzz wrote a paper about it , and he says to the commute commission , and the one of the subjects of Greenland is sent a single Vict
We had a wrest in the hands .
The council commissioner even calling and calling that they spread and enjoy what we 're doing .
I mean , okay , why not ?
L.A. leading America to the surface of ownership .
They have a 425-greepertomy .
That 's the equivalent to 20 times the central park .
enough to grow 725 million tomatoes .
How can they not agree ?
The sque is a tree , you 're going to get 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
As the green is green dollars , you will give you the same generation of products for the next thousand dollars .
That 's my faith , when I tell people , let me take food for me .
Cape food is actually the same print .
I have a legacy in the South Central .
I grew up there . I raised my son there .
And I refused to do a part of the reality that was created for me , by the way , by me , and I was actually creating myself in my own .
I 'm an artist .
Wear my garden is art . I grew up my work .
Like as an artist , the color of the walls , I 'm located for lawns , the way .
I used gardens , like land , like a cloth , and the plant and the crops and the crops that I was for the client to the cloth .
You 'll be wondering if you can make it a whole thing if you turn them into a form of .
How can you imagine how much it was a great flower or how they affect it .
So what happened ?
I witnessed my garden as a tool , a tool for transformation of my life .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the soil .
We are the ground .
You 're surprised to see how the kids are affected .
Wear garden is the most effective and virtuous of what you can do , especially in the form of the world .
With that , you 're also being able to get the strawberries .
I remember once , there was a mother and daughter , at the time , was about 10 : 30 nights and they were in my garden , and I went out and they were shameful .
I thought , oh , I was very bad for them there , and I told them , two people know , it doesn 't need to do it .
This garden is on its way .
I feel ashamed to see that person 's most paralyzed me , but it 's just the same thing that 's just going to be the more important thing to do this . People say me , " Fin , you 're not afraid
I said , " Of course , I don 't afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're on the road .
All the ideas is that .
I want them to take them , but at the same time , I want to have my health . "
There was another time when I was gardened in a homeless shelter in the Los Angeles .
There are men like me , they help me rap from the truckload .
And air was happy , and they shared the stories about the garden that affects their people and they had a plant-up-gree-gama , with her previous village , and it was amazing to see this idea that they had changed them ,
So the blue flowers have grown up for about four feet .
We 've got 50 people to get to digging , because it 's all of them .
If the kids grow , they 're going to eat the course .
If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
But if you don 't think that if they don 't see the effects of food on their brains and bodies , they 're blind , they 're going to eat whatever they 're located in front of their face .
I saw young people who wanted to work , but they were being surrounded by that , I saw the kids who were very colorful and they just follow the road that was being ready , where no lead was .
With gardens , I saw a chance that we could guide the children who we could afford to their community , and there was a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows what ?
Maybe we 're going to be born , Carlacci .
But if we don 't change the part of the soil , we never do that .
This is one of my favor . This is what I wanted to do .
I wanted to grow a garden that everybody could share with food .
I want to take the same-to-pepeer and make them affordable coffee .
Don 't get me wrong .
I don 't talk about free , free , unsustainable .
The interesting thing about sustainability , is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about trading people to people , and drag them out of the street , and gives them a joy , the joy and joy for themselves to plant themselves , to farmers feed farmers .
What I want to do here is that we 're going to make it really .
I want to become all of us who become permanent , the cymicic cyclars .
We 're going to change the conceptual gloves .
If you 're not a garden , you 're not a gloves .
How do you gloax your lisch up , you know ?
And let 's turn it into the weapon you choose .
Basically , if you want to see me , you know , if you want to don 't want to call you out there , you don 't want to sit on the benched and join the meeting where you talk about doing this , where
If you want to see me , let your bure your cub and you 'll grow a couple of things .
Hi . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I lived in Kenya to the National Academy Nairobi .
My first was my father 's swows of my father , and the behind the cow , the National Nan Non Nan Nan .
The National Park Nan Nope has been fifested on the south in the southern area , South which , as a wildlife , like the greatest horse to remove the free park .
And so the animals eat animals like the lions behind them , and this is what that lions do .
They kill our livest .
This is one of the cowborn had been killed in the dark , and when I got it in the morning , I found it died , and I was feeling sad , because that 's the only one of the only the oldest male that we
My community , the Maasai , believes that we come from the paradise with all of his children and all of the land to keep them , that 's why we 're very careful .
So I grew up with the lyrical lions .
The Masters are the richest people who are our community and the livestock , and worry about this issue .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the lions lions have killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is the reason that lions in Nairobi is very little .
Every son of six to nine years old , in my community , embraced my bull 's cabinet , and I have to do the same thing .
So I have to figure out how to address this problem .
The first idea I was able to use was used to fire , because I think the rockets .
But then I realized that fire was not really helpful , because it even helped to see the cowbows .
But I didn 't give up . I continued thinking .
And my second idea is that we can use a compensate .
I tried to swath that lions and [ unclear ] , I was standing close to the cow .
But very cleverly .
They go to the first day and saw the slow , and then they go back , but the second day , they come and said this is not moving , it always always be there .
And then you can go back and kill the animals .
So in a night , I holding a wiphole wander around the bullw , and I was able to go around , and that lions were not .
I discovered that the linking of the moving light .
So I had a idea .
Since I was in my own day , and I was able to put my own child on my office , and I hadn 't opened my new carriage , and she was almost killed me , but I was studying the electrical about the electricity .
So I took a battery of soup , the photocil of the original carrier , a little jacket . It was a device that was found in the car , and it helped motor drive motorcycle when they wanted to left or
And I got a switch to switch off and I switched lights .
And that 's a small lightbulbbchbulb .
And I set up everything .
As you can see , the solar use used to batteryize the battery , and the battery -- you can use energy to the jetric box . I call it the transformation .
And the cardboard box did the lightbulbs .
As you can see , the bulb lights are outside , because that 's the way we 're moving .
And that 's how the lighting is when they 're going to go to bedcom .
The bulb lights turned off and knocked the death row made them thought that I 'm walking around the bullw , but I 'm actually sleep on my bed .
Thank you .
I installed it in my two years ago , since that , we didn 't have any problem with lions .
The family households heard about this idea .
One of them is this lady .
She had a lot of cattle killed , and she asked me if I could help her electric power .
I said , " Yeah . "
So I installed the lightbulbs . You can see behind the back , they 're the lights .
So far , I 've been installing my family in my community , and they work well .
Now my idea was used throughout all of Kenya to avoid the other animals eat like the hyenas , and it was used to avoid the police to avoid the farmers .
By this way , I was lucky enough to learn a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , and the International Broad , and I was very excited about this .
My new school is beginning to help by raising awareness and enhanced knowledge .
And I 've made my friends about my community , and we set up the lights for the family of the family that 's not getting to it , and I teach them how to build them .
One year ago , I was just a boy in the middle of the trunkering cast to my father , I used to see the flying airplanes , and I told myself that one day , I was going to be sitting inside it .
And I am here today .
I had this opportunity to come up with this airplane for TED to TED .
My biggest dream is to become a flying technique and an incredible device .
I 've been hatedwork , but now because my invention is saving the smell of the father 's cotton , and we can live with lions and not any conflict .
Ascolom . My language language is , thank you very much .
I don 't know if it 's a funny thing to know .
So I 've got this scholarship . Yeah .
I 'm doing other inventory of power .
So , next next in your book ?
So , he 's about to do this fiddling , and the fence of power is ?
I knew that the power of the power was invented , but she wanted to make my own .
She tried , and it 's not , and I 'm just trying to do it , but he 's stopped by being shocked .
Richard Libr , I 'm very different .
We 're going to be able to do it on the road , you 're small .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I did , and my training -- my life -- the manded in the next seven years of African was in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 -- looked for me -- not -- -- I worked in Afghanistan Zimbab , Kenyan , I hadvory Coast , Algeria , in the projects of technical engineering .
I worked for NGOs , and each of the project we set in Africa was in the zone of Africa .
I was very brainworm .
At the 21st-year-old , I thought , the Italian people were good , and we 're working in Africa .
But instead of killing , we kill everything we 're touched .
The first project , what inspired me to my first book , " Olliphet from the Zambbzi , " which is a project in which people called the idea of teaching the Zambia food .
So we 're in Zoibia with the seeds from the Italian pasted in the beautiful landscape of the beautiful landscape of the Zowerbzzi , and we taught people to make a tomato sauce , and Godaly .
Of course , these people are not interested in doing this , so we paid them for them , and sometimes they 're working on .
We 're really surprised about the local , in the vanley of the foley of the air that 's not going to grow .
But instead of asking them why not only do anything , we simply say , " Thank you very much .
" Just tombry people from Zambian starvation . "
And of course , everything in Africa has grown very well .
We have these incredible tomato sauce . Italy , a tomato sauce . This Zoibia , this is this size .
It 's incredible , and we told the Zambian , " Homo sacked , and it 's not going to see this . "
When the tomatoes began to , and nine , and then redes , just overnight , and about 200 kilometers of codgers from the upper and cleaning clean .
We told the Zambia , " Oh my God , the codoor ! "
And the people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow anything . "
" Why why people don 't tell us what ? " " Have you ever been asking . "
I thought it 's a little naive , and I think , but I 'm not sure that in the African continent , but after I look at what Americans are doing , the people who are doing , and after the evidence of what they do
Because , you see , just less than we 're also fed up with the cups .
You should look at the crap -- you should look at the crazous thing that we 've given to the Africans are not very clinically .
You want to read some book , read " The Trust of Accent , the " Dambais Meniso , a great woman in Zambia .
The book was invented in 2009 .
We , the West aid agencies brought Africa 's Africa , the fifth of the United States in the last 50 years .
I won 't tell you what damage that has made .
Look at her book .
Reading it from a woman African woman , who damage that we 've made .
The West who we are empowered , experts are , and we only have two ways to treat people with either , or patience , or conservation .
Two words from the Latin word , " Sep , " meaning " to make fathers . "
They make two different things .
So , the behalf , I am treating people from the culture as if they 're my children . " I love them . "
Consonsoring me , I treat people from other culture like me .
That 's why white people in Africa is called " Tana , " he 's the subject .
I was being used to read my face when I read the book , " but it was beautiful , " write by Schumacher , saying , above all of all , in the economic development , if you don 't help help , let them
This is the first principal rule of aid .
The first principle is aid .
This morning , the person who put this together on a block , and said , " Could we -- -- what is the one of the city that 's not a new colonial ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to just respond to people and I created a system called Enterprator Footil Freepace , where you wouldn 't start to leave anything you never impress people , but become
So what do you do -- the break of mouth .
Never bring a community with the ideas , you sat with the local .
We didn 't work from office .
We 're meeting in coffee . We 're in the pub .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we do is become one of the friends , and figure out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is to be .
You can give someone a sense .
If people don 't want to do it , then you have to do it ?
The desire of women who has to develop the self is the most important thing .
The desire for the world 's desire for the rise of the personalities is the most important .
And we helped them work out of research , because nobody in the world can be one of them .
The ideal had no idea , but the idea of the right .
So many years ago , I had this idea : Why not we , just , instead of , and a community , and tell people who they should do , why we don 't , listen , they don 't listen , but not in the public
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem in meetings with meetings .
Those are never going to go , and they don 't tell you , in the community gathering , what they want to do with their money , the chance that they 're looking for .
So there 's a plan to have this kind of thing .
The most people in the community you never know because they were not going to public public meetings .
What we did was a work-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-old , and you do to create a structure that doesn 't exist .
You have to create a new novel .
A new artist like a family of family , family doctors , whose job is to eat , who sat with you in your house , at the kitchen table , in the cafes , and help you find out your resource to advance your hope into a lifestyle
I started as an academic trial in the Estance , West Australia .
I 'm doing a Ph.D. at the time , trying to avoid away from the downtown that is the next to go to tell you what to do .
So what I did in the United States was Euancece was just the motors in the street , and in three days I had the first cloned of the house , and I was a little crankton in my garage , my
And I helped these people to know how to work together and sold these rare and these drones who are not available for the box of the box at the Nany Some with the 60 price of a sign , but we find ways to sell them
For a year , I had 27 people working and the government of my government came to find me , " How did you do that ?
How did he do -- " And I said , " I did a very hard job .
I was my mouth , and I listen to them . "
So -- so the government says to me , " I 've got to say . "
We 've done this 300 around the world .
We helped 40,000 jobs .
There 's a new generation of people who are exhausted by isolation .
Peter Duckucker , one of the most fascinating mentors in history , died of 96 years old .
Peter Duckucker is a geologist professor when I do business with business , and this is something that Peter Johnuckucker : " The incomrectations are not as much as a social and a business economy . "
The thing is a death kiss to the entrepreneurs .
So right now , you 're reconstructed Christchurch without knowing that the most people who are at the African-changing people who are trying to do with money and their potential .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to speak to you .
You have to give them security , privacy , you have to be inspired by helping them , and they 're going to go , go to the top of the top .
With a community of 10,000 people , we can have about 200 banks .
Biln can be a tribal community of people , people like a very , very rich and intelligent society .
What 's the most difficult clap of the world ?
The humanoid , the ones who are hungry . It 's the people who you clot them .
So what I 'm talking about is that the business is the place where it does .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel and the manufacturing of the manufacturing , and we 're making a system that are systems .
Freefuge .
Apromorph store things is sustainable .
What we have to look at that is how we nurture it , and treatment , education , travel and communicate to the seven billion people sustained .
No technology does it .
How would you create technology for the green revolution ? Giving ?
Governments ?
It 's the reprogation , and they 're doing that right now .
There 's a very good story that I 've been reading in a magazine magazine a year .
There 's a group of experts who invited to discuss the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in 1860 , the people who gather together , and speculate what happened to the New York City in the next 100 years , and the conclusion was like the following : New York City will not survive in 100 years .
Why ? Because they look at the curt on the map , and they 're looking at the same , if the population growth is that , to move a population of the city of New York , they need to need to six million horsebacks
They 're going to be swammed in the horse .
So in 1860 , they saw this technology of this garbage that 's working on the city of New York City .
So what happened ? In 40 years , at 1900s , in the United States , there were 1,2001 companies in a car -- I bought 1,11 .
The idea that finding a different technology is completely complete on all of these and have a small kind of small inertive condition .
Dearborn , Menchan .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to give them security .
No , they 're not going to look for you .
Then you have to give them a service , separate and soulful .
And then you have to tell them about businesses .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to do 3-round things : the product that you want to sell to you , you have to have a commercial ad , you have to have a super-explate strategy , and you
So think about it ?
We never have a single person in the world , who could just make it , and sold it and the money of the same time .
That 's not happening .
The never has never born .
We did a study , and we looked at a hundred companies on the Carnegie Hall , the West , Gison , Ford , all of new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is one thing that everything that all companies succeeded in the world is , one is that one company is a starting starting with a human being .
Now we taught the business of adolescents in Northwaberland , we started class class by giving them first two first of the first 100 years about Richard Jranson , and the work for the ages of 16-worth was that under
Never since ever since ever , " and we " We have " 32 times .
He didn 't start alone .
Kin who started a company alone . Nobody .
So we can create a community where people who have a little assistance of the business of the small business model of sitting in the cafes , barana , and the way you guys are going to do you with the things that someone who made them
What can you do ? You can do it ?
OK , you can sell it ? You can manage ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do it . " Do you want to find somebody else for you ? "
We activate the communities .
We have the help of the team help help help Enterprise Fueilator they helped to seek the resources and human and we discovered that the magician miracle of the people like that , like you can actually challenge the culture
Thank you .
By March , 2011 , I made a New York ediver at the New York City .
We are the green creatures .
The hidden in the dark air window is the window , and we can talk about the sun .
We 've done for the skill , the better , the more beautiful , things that can 't possibly be able to , and we 're always seeing the same , but we also have these brilliant artists in many of these experiences and understand that
In October 2011 , was watching the situation in the world , I saw the tragic incident happening in Japan .
Then , my volunteer volunteered to join me in All Tand Vante , in the last couple days-olding to the police attempt to work .
I , with hundreds of subjects who understand that they can 't just stay at home , so I decided to join them with three weeks .
On May , I was looking at the town of the Cuncato .
It 's a small village of Qaithm , with the people who are about 50,000 people , one of the first places in the first place .
The water is being recorded by over 24 meters , and three miles deep in the land .
Presumably , the town has been devastated .
We pulled the fragments from the channel , the temp hole .
And clean up the school , sanitation , is willing to innovate and recover .
We cleaned fish tons of fish and the spinning of the fish that 's located from the local factory .
We 're a teter , but everybody 's fun .
Within a week , the volunteers and the people who are looking for search .
They search for images and images and visual and visualizing and SDD .
All of them do .
They collect it and they talk to defend them in the environment .
It wasn 't until I realized that these images were actually a very serious part of the people who were very well .
And when you run the rows , to keep the charge , they left everything , all of all the left behind all .
At the end of the first week there , I was to help a target of a living in town .
I helped rise to the hot water public hot water , the bathing .
And this is where the skyrolled has collects images .
This is where people people , and I got to honor the honor , because they trust me allows me to help them clean clean pictures .
And it 's a very exciting and exciting joy . I used to hear that the first sighted out of the box , but only if I actually experience it .
When I look at pictures , some of them are over 100 years old , some of the still remain in the envelope room in the room , I thought , was a moderable modulator , I could edit the tin and
So I 'm going to go on Facebook and ask some of them , and I 've got a lot of positive feedback , I know , to work .
We started to repair these photographs .
This is the first one .
No damage was , but the water was swifted , she had a swine , the right , to be accurate at the exact exact accurate and accurate .
If not , the girl in the picture will not look like , and certainly certainly badly as a messybee .
In time , very , very , many images are girmed , and it takes more than people who edits , so , again , I 've already Facebook and LinkedI , and in the course of the year , I find 80
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , until July , we launched the Nikuzo house in the Nikuzway , and further waters towards the south of the South Zada .
Every week , we set up our scanners in the library of the temporary pre-frontal library , which is that , to people get to come back to their photographs .
And women 's women who have seen a scanner , but after 10 minutes , looking for my own shot , rearring them to a website , to fly down by a spley of the Nyinin , a stranger , somewhere
Time spent time to restore the problem is a completely different story , and obviously , depends on the level of the evidence .
It may take a long hour . It 's probably a week .
It may have been for months .
And the needle in the picture is pretty much like to be re-plored by hand , or graves , from the colors and the details , not even water .
It 's very time .
Now , all these images have been damaged , damaged in saltwater , covered in microbes , in the water , sometimes in the course of the oil , and so much time they 're going to continue to get more bad . So clean clean
We can 't editable if it doesn 't clean clean and dry and create .
We 're offered with wiping the shake .
There 's a beautiful woman who has led us to us .
That 's very easy to harm for the bad images .
My own Wantne used to say : It 's like somebody else .
You don 't have a chance of fault .
And the woman gave us pictures of pictures , as they were able to get that .
She clean clean them and paused to realize that he was getting more harmful .
She has no copy of the image .
If , no , like your husband and your face , will never be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put them together in another image of another image , and do it all the whole
When we got back to pictures from us , she shared a little bit of their own .
Those pictures are being held at a company that 's found in a trajectory , between the cracks on the groundline where the house was destroyed , and they realized that he was .
And the daywird , he 's stressed by the teterunge .
He had to go back to the water when the rings rated the rates .
Two little boys , this is not a small , two children 's children are in school , two different schools .
One of the trajected water .
It 's just a week , she finds them out and find that they all survived .
I was reassuring her for her , and the children of the children 's children , 14 .
To her , after all of these , these photographs are perfecting for him , something that can see , to remember the past the story that has not been used to be from the next day , but when the entire life is being wiped or
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers who joined the Lebanand , in hundreds of people who were cleaned cleaners 135,000 , the big part of the population , and the majority of the revelations about our own humanity
Over the world 's 100,000 volunteers have paid to over 90 families , hundreds of photos completely completely restoration and repair .
In this time , we 're not over a thousand dollars for the equipment and the material , and the whole cost is for the printing .
We take a picture on the continuously .
Every single talk about someone or something , a place , a tiece , a loved one .
They 're the ones holding the memory and our story , is the last thing we 're also concerned about and also the first one of us to look back .
That 's the meaning of this entire project , which is the little of the human race , bringing these to people to bring them .
When this picture is made , it will create a huge shift in the lives of the people .
The project is also made a big difference in the lives of the people who are .
For some people , they 're connected with something big , giving something , using their own for something rather than the cylical and the skinnybranes .
I wanted to read an email to end this talk . This email was Cathy , who was a graphicrover , sending me a day to come back after Japan after six months .
" When I work , I can 't help to think about each individual and the stories that have in the images .
There was a photo , pictures of women in the house , from the young to young children , and circling around my father , had been paralyzed for me , and I had a similar picture , she was my grandmother , and my daughter , and the
The bubble across the globe , which is , at our time , our basic need is equal , right ? "
Thank you .
I 'm at nearly 50 feet under a very illegal state in Ghana .
No airms are left and a hotter , and it 's very difficult to breathe .
I can feel the collision from the body of the bowl that sweats through the dark , but couldn 't see anything .
I heard the voice , but nearly a whole bunch of capel is a reputation of the noise and the crackwater bangped out of the raw tools .
As every single , I wear a cheap , a liquid-hand car , which is a little bit of cheap , and it 's attached to the old ring , I can barely see the dulla is holding the walls of the micrh
When I skip my hand , I remember the Turkier for a few days ago , had been lost their arms down .
When I talk to you today , these are still standing in that hole , the risk of life without having a conscience or a dut , and usually they die .
I was climbed out of that hole , and they were home , but they might never return home , because they had in the slaves .
In 28 years , I gather collections of local culture in over 70 countries on the continents , and 2009 I have the honor to become the only exhibition of the Federal Museum of Vancouver in Vancouver .
Of some amazing superpower I saw there , I met a support for the campaign of the Finciety , the one of the European Union providering against the modern slavery of modern slavery .
We started talking about slaves , and actually , I started to learn about slavery because I knew certain that was in the world , but it was not .
After the talk , I saw terrible horence and shamefulness of fear of my life , and I thought , if I didn 't know , how many people won 't know ?
It started to hide a duty , so few weeks later , I flew to Laha to meet the Proplus and the conference .
And then from the beginning of the world 's modern slingge .
And the strange is I visited the majority of these places .
Some of places I look like my house .
But over time , I wanted to see the truth was being covered .
A conservative premise we knew that more than a dozen people were slaughtered slavery in the world today .
Some of them are lifted out Africa for the entire period of slavery-bean 's pursuit of the Pacific Ocean .
150 years ago , a 100,000-year-old had a thousand dollars for the U.S.
That 's the equivalent of 50,000 dollars of America today .
But today , many generations of the world has been slaughtered through multiple generations of debt than $ 18 .
It 's amazing , the slave of the cost of profit-tounded by 13 billion dollars per year in the world .
A lot of people were fooled by these promising education , better work , only to see herself being arrested undercofhensive violence , and not escape .
The same day of commercialization , the culture of ensention has a value , but people build them as much as wet .
The slavery is almost anywhere in the world , even though it 's illegal everywhere .
In India and Nepal , I was offered to a brick .
This strange landscapes like this in the Egyptian or the Edm of the puzzle .
And it was surrounded by less than 54 degrees Celsius , men , women , children , family , families , were in the blind , the same-and-to-det , and they got to send them to the shors ,
By the way of a tread and exhaust , they silence , and repeats 16 and 17 hours per day .
There 's no food , now , to eat , drink water , and it 's just going to get a normal generation .
It wastes and all the shirt traveled around the area that my camera was hot , couldn 't touch the stop button .
20 minutes , I had to go back to the car to get the device and get them under the heat of recovery , and when I sat there , I think , my camera is much better treatments than people .
And then the back of the tin , I just wanted to cry , but the followers of the slimer of the slime side of me quickly takes me and said , " Lisa , don 't do . "
He explains very clear that feeling emotional feelings are , in this case , not to me , but with them .
I couldn 't directly for them .
I don 't give them money . Nothing .
I didn 't have that country .
I can put them into a worse situation .
I had to rely on the Freefarter 's repetation to work in the system to release them , and I believe they can .
For me , to wait to the housing to feel the pain .
In the Himal Hasimas , I saw children holding a lot of miles across mountaintop downs in the middle of the van .
The big ones are larger than the children who bring them , they lift their fills on top of the wood , the ropes and fabric .
It 's very painful .
How can we create this evil , the whole story ?
Some people don 't know who they 're slavery , they 're working 16 , 17 hours per day , because they 're just knowing .
They 're not in comparison .
And this village liberals free , their slaves of their bunkers .
These people don 't have , they die , they want to start , but the woman in the middle of the middle and call people persistent , and those who are the shout of people who have taken their contracts to their own mines
We used to think about slavery-fitted trafficking when we hear from " slaves " , because this generalization , I was very difficult to do safe in this particular industry .
At Kath Tandu , I was raised by women who were slavery .
They led me to the stranges on the basement basement , in the fainter of light .
It 's not a cabinet .
It 's a restaurant .
The restaurants , like the knownness , the geographics of the resistance .
Every single area where there 's a small room , where they 're lump , women and children , and seven , seven , seven , seven years old , are wired to buy wine , and they can buy wine and food .
The bedroom was densbted and dark , were perceived by the number of paint painted by the mesh and the curtain .
The person who is used to get out of the way of the misundercorn situation .
At the darkest corner , I remember feeling that naughty , and that moment , I was wondering why was killed in that particular .
There 's just one : one staircase that I go .
There 's no shoos .
There 's no windows that 's pretty much skylight .
These people who no people , no access , when we talk about the topic , we remember , slaves , the slaves of the sexual activity , and that 's happening in where we live .
tens of thousands of people were slaished in their agriculture , in the restaurant , the full of indoor indoor indersed in the house , and the list of the long list .
Recently , New York Times report that that went from 100,000 to 300,000 U.S. dollars to be sold by every year .
It 's around us . We just can 't see it .
The textile industry also used to think about the author of slavery .
I went to many villages in India , where many families were slavery in the Nikco-hando .
This is portrait family .
And black black black holes are the same , the same black , the green and the redes are his son .
They deprote the starchy in the tanks , and we put it silk in that liquid to the elband , which was dome .
My translationverages .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But still hope that can get away from this house and walking around where we 're paid for a broth . "
That estimates that there are more than 4,000 children who are slavery in the Volta , the largest emorter of the world .
And so , I was going to go through a walk .
I find a picture like a family in the boat , two boys , some smaller , seem to seem to seem to seem to make sense ?
No , they 're all slaves .
Kids are being taken out of the family , and sold and lose , and they 're captured by resting on these boat in this slide , though they don 't know .
This child eight .
She treps her when our boat came to almost , and we were afraid to go through the baby 's sailing .
And he was terrified to fallen to get into the water .
The branches were cloned into the Voltaán , and they had the tutt , and the children who were tired of the shipment was just afraid to get the wound of the water to get the tongue .
A lot of drowned .
What he was remember , he was arrested at the lake .
The fear of the resistance , I don 't dare , and because of the terrible , horrible , they 're going to perform on these little smaller little aid that we manage .
I met these boys at five in the morning , when they 're dragging the last mates , but they 're working from a hour of light .
In the dark night skylight .
It 's important that we can do that these are weighed by about 500 kilosms when they 're fish .
I want to let you happen to be Kimi .
Kimi was rescued from a village .
I met him in the support that the organization was the repersonation of the trade-beaving trade .
And here 's the bathroom , making the big water in the beginning , and the great news is , when you and I 'm sitting at this point , Ko has had been reitted to family , and even more , the family was
Kimi is the rightness of the capability .
How would you become a person if somebody could be up and changed ?
The driving on the road in Ghana , and the colleagues in the liberal Foundation , one of you who are the defirational dreader who steering carries the car mounted that rapid speed , and we type on the window .
He told us to go on a road to the jungle .
At the end of the road , he pressed us to leave the car , and he drove to fly the car .
And this is pinpoint this blurgraded and says , " This is the way , this is the way . Go . "
And in that same way , we set up the coupsy , and after a hour of the forest , caves drowned in the water after the rain , and I set the instruments on top of the head when we walked downstream .
After two hours of sew , and the hidden surroundings are at the end of the window , and in front of us , a vastly-hole-hole-hole-triece , and they 're filled with
Many women who leave you with their backlest , and they go through the water pollution .
The Airports were used in the course of the extracted process .
These mines were slaves in the mines in the other area of Ghana .
When they got out of their basement , they got sweeped by their sweats .
I remember when I looked at the red , and they were surrounded by the people who were under the ground for 72 hours .
The tunnels to a hundred meters , they put on the heavy-colzy bags to wave them to the other area , where the chee was chipped out to golden gold .
Look at the moment , the kind of smashed sounds like healthy , but when you look closer , there are more severely involved in the extreme situation , there 's children .
They are victims of disease , disease and violence .
In fact , this ability to get this muscle will eventually be like this , the tuty and the infected line in the next few years .
This is Man . And when his father died , he was brought up to the edge of the working .
And when the man died , Manauans who escred his debt of debt , and he was forced to slave in this miner .
When I met , he was 14 years in the mines , and the wound in the leg that you saw this was from a field in the minus , a foot injury and the doctors said to saw it .
On top of Man , Manuru has a tuberculosis , but still catch up on the day at the moment .
And yet , he dreamed himself free to help the local activists activated as the repressive liberation , and the same thing , the up on the face of strangers , which I made overwhelming .
I want to make the blobs of light .
And when I work in this field , I brought a lot of candle , with the help of the translator , I was to tell people who I was like to photographically I wanted to look at their own and loved their shoes , and then
They 're obsessed with their people 's out there , like you .
I want to know that we 're going to test them , and we can do anything that will help them change their lives .
I honestly believe if we look people like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , you 're very difficult to drill crime like slavery .
The images are not about self-assembly . They are about people , who is , and you , and all of all equally desires and respect and respect to each other .
No day I don 't think about these amazing people have been mad . I have a great honor to meet them .
I expect that the images will wake up a very powerful source of people , and who hopefully you will , and hopefully that power will be fire , that fire will shine in the slavery , because the lights of the dut will be able to continue
Thank you very much .
