This story hasn 't end .
Let me tell you about some pieces of pieces .
Let 's imagine the first one : a man that burns his life .
Imagine , a socialist in the Grouble , the real truth that his whole life had beented .
Languages from , through the year , you 're going to do with him , he turns out to you .
She never allowed me to tell his life .
My mission was not to let my life through hopelessness , and my lesson was to realize , well , the history of decilected us , but we 've suffered .
My mother , Maire , 18 years old parents -- lost family , a marriage party , had two young girls .
So after four years , a century that was more than a whole year , a boat was outtled out of the seafare .
If we were arrested , first of my cousin and my mother , and she would drink .
We 're going to be on the Trippr , the suburbation of the city of the elite population is population immigrants .
A long-term tornity , it has to spend six years .
The other rechraining and a voice said , " I 'm going to walk through obstacles . "
I opened my computer , and I trained a cybercriminals and practiced a business facility .
We give them aid and funding .
The centers are being formed .
In the world , I have in the blown of the blesh of vulnerability , suffering from violence , addiction and shepherdets .
And since that work , when I was the last four-year-old student , I was elected in New York City .
I don 't know about alcohol .
I told my mother I couldn 't do it .
My mother was my mother as I was in my parents .
And at the same time I realized that the divergone was also represented , the new person , the only one -- and not only , but one thing we need to be grateful , maybe there 's a gift from the boat .
So I went to my emotional .
I collected a little team with us , " The no thing that is not " is not a challenge that is not a rape .
I 'm a day-wand-textuitive potato that we 're eating .
And there 's a walk .
Before I finish , let me tell you about me .
The life has been in the last century .
In 17 years old , she became his wife 's wife , his dishes beat her .
I was in a hotel room in Sydney , she was just how she was running 600 miles in Maryourne .
When I was a night when I went to a professor and said we were to do it .
Mother 's us told her her .
My mother asked me , " Why did my mother 's so much cold ? "
I also want kids , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yes , my mother 's mother today is in the fourth fourth or fourth year .
It 's a honor honor to be here and share with people .
I had to go through a long time in jail , and ironically and in prison for the people who were shaped .
I also spent a long time in a community of low-come low-gcome with the projects and where there was absolutely despair .
And I 'm here to be encouraged and I listened to this , which I 'm going to give me a lot of my life .
And I mentioned this because I think profoundly really important is really important .
I really learned this from her grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a family-state family , and I saw her own family and family .
Her parents are actually the best of the slave .
She was tough , but she was also earning .
When I was a kid , when I saw her lady and I would go to me .
She hoses me so hard and I 'm so she left me .
A or two hours later , if I met her , she would go and said , " Bran , you still feel like you huggling ? "
And if I say , " no , she 's going to be " I 'm sure , " I 'm sure , " she 's gonna me alone .
She experienced a personality trait that you would always be in .
My mother was a young girl in her home .
I sometimes , and I 'm up and her side , but she 's very difficult to her care .
And I remember , I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , into my guards and I saw all the brothers that they were running around the room .
At the beginning , I thought we were playing a game .
And I 'm never going to forget .
I would never forget her .
" I 'm like , " I 'm like . "
" First , she wanted to promise her promised her mother to be loved her mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise is promised to be true , but it 's hard to do .
I said no , no , no , no . You 're not going to take a drop drop . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Right , just keep the walking , keep . "
I shouldn 't tell me .
It 's not me to say , because I think I 'm right , is moral ; that I 'm going to talk about the power of humanities .
We can make them shake them into doing things they don 't think they do .
He was in the prison of the time and I was just mortgated and sold alcohol .
1972 , there was 300,000 men .
America has now highest rates in the world .
And there are seven million people who are being served or are being repired .
All three men black men at the ages ages between 18 to 30 , 30 , a person who 's in jail , or abused or being charged .
Our system is not only defined by the way , not only being able to become a nation-state , but distorted by the racism .
So we seem to be able to feel like this .
Our fear and political political has led us to believe that this isn 't and the issue we have to worry about .
But this brings me to attention .
And there 's a very quiet silence .
So many different differences are still very small .
We have a general struggle in kids .
We 're actually going to actually do the right-handed cases .
And the only water is the world 's world .
I would like to speak on behalf of the fellowship .
But there 's still a different way of thinking about where we are in our own .
Is other words about this , whether not that whether someone has a child who can kill if we can kill them ?
It 's hard to imagine that .
But somehow we can get ourselves from this problem .
But for the African African African countries , it was a terrible encounter .
They were frightened .
We don 't stop conflicting .
We 're hard to be talking about talking about the issue of ethnic issues that I 'm sure is because we are willing to take care of the wrong and referenity .
I have some talks about Germany on the stage of the Dech .
And so amazingly after my talk , there was a schedulent student and said , " Actually , I was very upset to have to listen to what he was talking about . "
" There 's no one-to-leman .
What you 're going to feel like if you live in a German world , the most likely , the Jewish , especially when the Jewish .
I couldn 't do it .
In our country , in our own-term South-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-
And so there 's a pause .
So , like technology , like creative .
Okay . We have the reason , we have to deviate intellectual .
They 're coming from ideas that are empowered by the heart of the heart .
Vaclavav Hopeel , a great great role of the check , he said about this .
It 's just about what 's just going to be .
There was one time I heard and listened them after a few hours , she went to and she said , " Well , Byan , let me tell me about the Minister of fairness .
So I started asking a lot of the guidges .
When I say my first , she looked at me and said , " Well , well , yeah .
I really think that the TED community needs to be more bold .
We need to start to confront the challenges , the problems and the problems that inequality .
Because for all , we all have a personalized life on this planet .
I believe that 's true for people on Earth .
I think if someone lying lises , they 're not alone .
And so , humans have basically basic food .
I also believe in many places on this country , and of course , in many places around the world , the opposition of poverty is not wealthy .
And finally , I believe that this is very wonderful , very exciting and very stimulent , but we 're not going to be judged by the technologies that we do because of our design , by intellectual and minds .
Because that 's the implications of how we have a deep insight into who we are .
Occasionally , when I lost my balance , I would end up with this story .
Sometimes I tried too much .
And I 've done the opposite of the kids who are very sick .
I was in prison , I was a kid who was 13 , 14 and old he was allowed to be allowed to be a big person .
Can you have a building that you can make you a person that you 're not alone ?
And after the next morning , I woke up and I thought , I dreamed a crazy subject or I wrote it ?
I think this is going to be a difficult time .
whispered my ears .
It has something that has profound implications with the human character , who is able to contribute to each other people , for the only mindful of the world .
And when I walk in , I judge me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all of screaming .
He danced to the guards .
Thank you very much .
So he heard and saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his own and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a sphere of democracy , we 're trying to rendering a reward that 's used to punishment .
So in a tour of Caltech , we 're spending a million dollars for the project for five years . Okay , a million dollars .
56 percent of prostate racats are not treated .
The rate is incolcerated in America is actually not in violent power .
And so we have three wars against the people who are locked up to the carpetu or steal the property that 's giving them back to the reprimin of the property .
I believe we need to do more more to help people who are victims of being victims of crime , not less than less .
Byan , he actually accomplished everybody 's psychology .
And so that idea can be solved within a minute . I 'll tell you three stories that fill in time .
He 's here in 1835 , you know pretty well .
So what 's happening here ?
Second second , still is to give a different idea what 's called the translation of the hip .
I was there in 1971 , studied in the West .
I got there because Tungi was grown up in Europe and I wanted to be able to work in Africa .
I could even fit in life .
This is my first sunflar .
It 's a burrow surrounded by the palm tree you can see , some of you .
There 's a tremendous robot about 20 feet of a robot with a big enemy .
The fishing sector has this big , black hole that stabilize the number of fish and they actually have a pretty good time to get more than average income in California .
They 're achieved at age 40 .
So there 's no change that 's changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- 's , starting from 1960 and Europe -- a lot of projects that are developed .
And this boat , quite a bad , called Mutia Per .
What we started , we didn 't find that word for it .
What 's exactly is the bottom of the sea that gets drafted up and boat back again .
These images are really hypertive that this movement has happened dramatically .
Within a year , you 've done a survey that starts commercial fishing .
These are not just consumed , they 're thrown away because they die .
We 're going to change the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you abstractize this , something like this .
We have some good things from the health here here , biodiversity , the number of whales that are the dominant size of the country , the water supply .
Each generation will use the images that they have from the beginning of the life as a norm and will be going to happen .
And that 's larger , larger than the extent , what we want to do today .
You only lose your rare animals .
They become more vulnerable and because we beat them .
Because they don 't know it differently .
In fact , lots of people , and scientists will argue that there 's really different .
For example , the story that the tale of the tale has been told about the British Death Organization that observed a lot of fish in this space can feed or not used by employed by scientists who are fish about fish because it
Because with the sea areas that we 're really recrecreating the past .
I think the arts and films can be able to compensify , and the simulation .
You would have noticed that color and melody like " Avatar . "
If you think about " A Space " " If you think about how it 's connected to people -- don 't notice attention Picahahas -- what 's being affected by iconic .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how much choices you make a day ?
Recently , I studied over 2,000 Americans , and the number of choices that the typical American shapes did was about 70 times in a day .
There was a survey that was done as the CEOs that we were CEO for a week .
And scientists have all all the different tasks that are CEOs and they 've spent time to do the decisions through that mission .
Of course , every task has been consisted with a lot of choices .
Now think about your choices .
If I 'm sure , when you ask , you 're happy .
This is their own toy .
We opened a little bit of little sticker , and we 're a little bit closer to the door store .
Many people stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24 , and then only six , there 's only 40 percent .
Next , we realized that in the case everybody loves to buy a bottle .
Now we see the reverse effect .
In the longges when we gave 24 , only three percent of them would buy a bottle .
And in the end of the people who stop when there were six varies , suddenly when we saw 30 percent of those purchase a cup .
Now , a paper is six times less likely to buy a bottle when they see six things that they see 24 .
The theme is going to keep on : ownership is saving .
And what we see is that the number of funding available in the planner savings planes that planes are planable to be able to save more tomorrow than tomorrow .
So if you look closer and the plans that funded me two sources of the two billion leaders are in the midst 1970s , as we 're inunda .
Now , these are the choices that are choices that are anyone that we 're giving people to see when it 's about financial security for them .
So what I want to ask you today is four simple technical techniques that we 've tested in many ways of surveys that you can apply your own in your business .
People were embarrassing me when I said , " cut cut . "
When Proctor & & amp ; Gamble off from 26 acad & amp ; amp ;oulders 15 15 countries to see the population growth .
When the Goldn Catram takes off the most expensive products that sells to the average , that has a month that has to grow in the revenues for 87 percent of the profits of profits and degradation costs .
You know , the average grocery stores today gave you 45,000 products .
People say , " I don 't know how to cut it . "
This is the description of the human .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So I learned this Shellomo Benzzi and Alessenseandrovund , we did a survey with people who I had the work employees in my TIN and now and those people had been able to put a 40
And during this phase we 've been back to the last stage , but only one little thing .
We can solve more categories that we solve the choices .
It shows that the chemical screws of the Captman and the east of the crowd east of various thousands of magazines are in different places from the 331 different types of paper that went to 664 .
Now , two different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds
If you think the left on the left is the Tlest and the right now is Jazz , you 're going to take your clapping .
Okay , there are some people .
And if you think that 's the sound and Jumping side , to be a tour , you 're going to take your clap .
All right , a little bit more .
This is a very roughness .
We have to get complicated .
You have more than a different boats , to finish your home .
The color , color out there , I have 56 options .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that these decisions are .
If you click on the door , " for the decision that it means you 're being too much choices , that means you 're losing me .
With the same sources , the same amount of choices .
The only thing I 'm accomplished is I 've changed the line that I think that 's shown in that .
If I start with you , I learn how to choose .
It also gave me a fascinating about this big product that I attach it to me , I was happy to motivate and I was busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number I hope you 've heard .
It 's just a bubble .
Every 10 times has been three times .
By the way , that 's a big driver of 10 times four times safety .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but you know ?
And then you get the number 257 .
You think of the 're the Sun 's for a card surgeon surgeon , a nurse or a surgeon who 's cut , a doctor , a doctor doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a born obsession with perfect .
I studied in my little shirt in the community of the Toronto Devy , not far away from this .
I learned in the surgery that was beginning and studying activity , every branches of arteries arter from the artermetic , complex diseases , rare and expensive .
And during the process , I gather more and more knowledge .
And my mission when the employees gave the heart cardiac , to go to the emergency room .
And I met her , she was a girl , she was pretty breathing .
This condition happens when the card doesn 't normally work , and instead of blood pressure , blood pressure , some blood flows into the lung , and then blood blood full of the lung , and so patients breathe .
And that was when I was the first mistake I was to go to the hospital .
I showed her a hospital that I said no science .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lacked myself up , I asked her nurses to take care of Dr. Bucker , " Do you think she 's okay ? "
And she thinks a little bit of time and say , " Oh , I think she 'll be fine . "
So I sign paper , and I wounded , and she 's homework about home .
I went through the emergency room on the home .
3 : three memories ?
She comes back and forth dead .
A after hour after home when she was home , she had a baby and she called her and she would bring her back to the emergency room and she was offered 50 , in the midstretched .
And the staff of the staff department works .
They put her into the air .
And I was shocked and treed to the bone .
And I sat on a plane shuttle down , because after she entered the stable state , she was put in a specialized care department , and I hope that she was going to recover .
You know the kind of embarrassment is when you leave a secret , you 're not going to never step out and you 're going to be your best friend and two friends of textures , but finally , you feel the embarrassment of your
This kind of shame is a guy .
And I asked myself .
Why don 't I ask the guerrill ? Why leave you the home ?
Two years later , I was the officials at the department of the Nigerian community in Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old boy who had pneumonia .
And so busy , I was a hurried .
He 's just on that .
I watched his windpass , he was pink pink .
And two days later I went to the next line , and that was my time when I was talking about my own personal story .
" Do you remember the patient 's psychologist ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and restore a few days .
But once they had , I had my mouth , I looked like me .
That 's the system .
In the last 20 years I wrote papers and make a medical response , I trained myself and wrong in the medical school to learn everything possible , from one of the first I wrote to Tor Be Star Star to my TV show " The Jupifan
And what I learned was that there was everywhere .
We work in a system where there 's been happening every day , in that tens of cigarette drugs , or whether or the misunderstan or the wrong myth , in which the bacteria that are more from the hospital , more and destroying
In both cases , these are all the low guesses that are very low-life , because we haven 't yet to have this kind of progressive technology that we ought to be .
Space is lack of constant .
We have the bias bias , which I can accept is a patient that has a perfect patient .
For those things , mistakenly .
So , if you process the system , as I was taught , and remove all the wrong employees of choice , would not be left .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about the worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The physician , according to the notion of being , the animal with meat , she knows that you 're a human , accepting it , not a lot of misunderstood , but trying to learn something from what happened to be somebody else .
She was very supportive to others .
And she 's just out of the mistake of others , not the " A " Ame " and the way that supports , so that people can be better .
Any of you can become famous to be on the Internet at the next seven weeks .
But over 48 hours a video that has uploaded every YouTube .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh , wowww !
This video is posted in January .
It 's actually the Jimmy Kimmelel .
Friday , Friday . Saturning the third of the six people who are expecting weekend , weekends Friday . Saturn sixth-century , you 're not thinking that we have today today without this video , I hope .
It 's 200 million views .
This is graph describes that .
Well , Tosh , London , and then there 's a lot of loggers and started writing about it .
Michael Janeon Nonon from the theater theater , one of the first people who posted this joke on video of Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 than the statue " the " Gidayay on YouTube .
It 's like this .
Somebody has an old version .
Because now we don 't just take it , we 're participating .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the features of the media , but as it 's almost like , not as much as the media , but they 're going to determine the future of the future .
And my new company became a try to hack into the environment by paying attention to ...
... the attention is contributing from the community .
Hope . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all about now ?
All right . Thank you very much .
My story starts here , in Rajasthan midan two years ago .
We talked about what we have is changing from ancient times , ancient India , Aortababaarata .
Today , we 're also working with drill and machine .
The conclusion we 've learned is that magic is that 's replaced by the machine .
They 're hiring inspiration .
I 've been working from the 16-year-old .
It 's more important to become more and more senses .
And I actually turned into a book in the book .
The idea of fireflies in glass , no matter why , it was always interesting to me .
A brilliant idea that fascinated me at a very large-scale , that big a big thing that was caught in a single single single single single single single single single single single single one .
We all heard about the first girls , we all heard about women , but there are some of India who knows about India , the Aunts ?
So , in fact , that 's why I 'm going to be back into this ritualistic , you have to go outside , and you 're going to take a picture of a flower and documenting it .
In another one , you have to take a picture of a stick and grab it .
And what happens is that you 're going to create a digital collect digital digital structure that you can put online .
In the ability to connect the color , the Earth and technology , there 's a lot of other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn on this slide .
The answer is , if I painted it on a average average line , possibly say , is , this year , this is a time , and this is what I 'm trying to illustrate , graphics looks very silly .
Now if I plot the graph , for example , technology , maybe the technology of being able to switch , on a scale of a lacsection , it looks very , very , very , very , very smooth .
And there 's no money in history of technological developmental innovation that takes a dramatically more constructive way .
It 's all possible things happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can be in this way .
If it 's true , it means that we are in the middle of the transformation .
And so what I 'm asking , is what I 'm asking myself , is what state is the world 's world ?
What 's new about the world 's world is going to be ?
Because this process is very uncertain , when we 're right in the middle of the process .
It 's the way it gets in the way when we move forward .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that about 30 , 50 years after all of all that will become very different , very simple , very simple , very simple , that we 're doing today .
And so I think this image has that mean , if it looks like it 's going to look at it for a few billion years .
But today , these leaves the world didn 't exist , as we said , now , of course , is randomly , randomly disruptive nature .
It 's just a basic kind of basic chemical form of life , but things are interesting things that when we got the trick to extract it .
In fact , all living organisms are sequenced its own genome with the same and the same coding and self-dispotal code .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This propaganda allow bacteria that bacteria can form that , including the bacteria that are so stereotyp ; they 're cooperating .
And so they 're alive or death , that means that , if a community of good develop community , all of humanity in the community is that they produce a lot of individuals and they evolved in positive .
And so the next process is really interesting in the life of a billion years .
And at the moment , we have diverse diversity , the colony has different variable different properties , working together as a single organiz .
The skin cells are not going to have without impacting the existence of heart , cell cells , brain cells and lots of other cells .
The next process is that in the colony .
These cells , these cells , again , started to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of these systems .
And they bring the advantage in evolution .
So a body can be , for example , learning about not a certain kind of money because it tastes and the person feels hard to eat that .
The system that 's the system , it 's really the fact that they form form of these particular structures , that 's rapidly accelerated .
Because evolution evolved today .
For example , the most complex version we know is the human language .
I 'm sitting here here with the sound , the hope that I 'm going to create is that in the beginning of everybody that thought that it was also a mess and confused and had some sort of my thought .
This allowed us to start as a living organism .
Touch , computers , video and lots of other things are specialized devices that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a wider community faster than we can be able to move forward than we 've ever seen before .
This process is so that it 's going to be and so , I guess , that emotions is the sensor that is -- in the process that is the process of self-moding process .
And I think that 's what we see here in the explosion of this curve .
Now I 'm designed computers to make money , and I know that I 'm used to design computers that can 't use without computers that are in technology .
So now what I 'm doing is designing with complex complexity that seem to be designed if design designed to follow the traditional tradition .
I don 't know the use of all the baseball transit in the connected .
Instead , what I 'm doing is what the students are doing at the UNN Questram is thinking that we think about the level of refilters and put that filter into that machine machines and machine that uses more effectively more efficient than
And in fact , sometimes they do , because of those methods we don 't even understand that .
Another interesting method that I 've been doing is much is a lot of self-governmental evolution .
Or , in the other way , " Computers , you can take hundreds of millions of random coatature .
In other words , I am convinced that I wanted .
And let 's replicate them through reproduction of self-organization .
So , take two sets of programmers and they create products by exchange their underlying logic , and the product is the capacity of the two-plusphies of the two .
Maybe some of you exchange .
Conculting process , I 'll have a perfectly good demonstration of putting digital numbers .
In fact , they 're more effective than a program that can be written .
They 're very ambiguous and weird .
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of detail that are so that you have a safer flight . " It doesn 't make you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the design design process .
Because all this technology has self-fueled itself .
But I think there 's something that is holding us .
And I think we all are part of the next generation of life -- regardless of what it is .
This program is called Code for Americaica and program programs like the Correal state for the computer .
We chose a couple of every year every year , they would work with the city of the city .
In fact , they would write great apples , working with staff .
How can it be able to look for help in a situation that is two such ?
They 're in the winter of snow .
They noticed that the city never had to take away the spammine .
But one member named a Srik Michael Tel-Nitz , which is something that is still about the rest of the world .
Each time you do , you have to put it name , and he 's named the name of the first name .
This is a little app .
It 's probably the most likely in the U.S. and the last written last year .
But it did something that no government does .
One guy in the office of the Honoluan Histulu knows that this app and realized that he could use it , not the snow , but to give people the auditorium of the auditorium .
So these very important light is important , but there are people who steal from energy from them .
The microwpace lets the logical holders cleanwalk cleaner when the sky snow snow .
There are nine cities now on this operation .
Last year , we had a team three-year-olds working on a two-month project in Boston .
The parent has found the case to work on the site of matching her tongue .
Somebody told us that as usual , to build a piece of software that would spend less at least two and two million dollars .
But numbers are nothing .
There 's a project in California , which is a taxi-to-hour taxer , which is not working .
That means with the control , always open and producing new kinds of things .
It 's a happy news , because we 're going to have more more integrated activities with the power of technology .
They haven 't give up .
There are a lot of people who lost the government .
Like , many people , I think fundamentally fundamental is just to start sending elections .
After two years , I extracted a particular conclusion for local government , about rats , the gorgeous color .
He knocks " The Operm " " into the official data .
This is the achievement of the remarkable people in the city of the city in Boston .
But what happened to the Uitizensen .
Good morning , the mouse is a lovely adulator . "
It 's quite simple .
It 's interesting . This is the way of communicating life .
When people help people , our communities are more powerful .
If you call the center of the animal , that would spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head on the other .
Now , how many times we 're electoral political leaders -- and we 're often spending a lot of energy to go to a political leader -- and then we sit and hope that will be reflected and valuable and our satisfy , but then
But the kind of tenderness has helped us see us what we have to have to pay for us , and then we can make ourselves .
There are people who are very attractive .
Because that 's where the real jobs of government is happening .
That 's what the Ocupyxic did did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but the system is system .
What we 're going to gain is we need to do without compromise rights rights for all of us ?
This is the voices of our voice to fight for rights .
Their war isn 't like , we 're not going to be who people will be ; they 're going to do that .
They used their hands .
Surely , we can process the fire hybrid , and many of them have done .
But the same kind of applications that remind us that we are not just consumer users , and we don 't just be the government government , we can tax taxes and get back to the service .
More than we are the citizens .
And we can 't stability government until we do the public job .
I have a question for all of you here : When there are important things that are coming to our hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of a voice , or we 're going to become a group of pairs
And I really think that the most important thing is that we 're not listened to the patient .
One of the things we 're done at the University of Radbiss is a little listener .
And we think that 's one of the main problems that we all -- -- not all of -- but most of the medical projects failed , since we don 't listen to .
It has a click button in the middle to turn on the tent .
But another thing .
But that 's what it 's the best thing that can happen because this is called pressure , the private force that has helped patient -- since it 's used to obesity , it can be used to patients patients .
It 's easy to use and easy with them to create feelings of the patients in the group .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where there is the most awesome TEDTalk that can help this patient ?
And today , we 're going to show this facility not only a Large4 that this product is called , but AK4-SS .
So maybe , this is a photographer you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's wovening with my passion of passion , but there 's a little bit , because there 's a camera , it 's a process on the plan .
These images like this : The building is going to move alongside down the road .
But it has a really bad point .
What makes it illusion ?
It makes sense of how much creates illusions .
It 's not really what is actually , it 's what we think it is .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I found that the photos that had photographs in the same way .
It 's really just a very different thing to do .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first commandment is that integration of the photograph , which is a collection of the landscape .
Secondly , combine photography should be a kind of light .
And two pictures of both satisfies are two-hours -- and there 's a high degree and a light .
So by the way , the color and contrast light in the boundaries between different images , adding into the disability of suffering , the depth of the field , the color of color , the color-sharing color , we can remove the edges between the
But this picture is completely created by images from different areas .
I personally think that 's easier to create more context than finding the context , because you 're not going to have to have to form the ideas in mind .
And there was this idea of the winter winter , I knew I had to spend several months to prepare , to find different spots for the parts of the picture .
For example , the fish are caught in the walk .
There 's always a start with a whole sketch , an idea .
All the tools are here , and the only thing that is limited to us is the imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called Gram Group .
And just for a few years , the Lick LOO photos has been at home .
LEO has taken the concrete concrete , the fabric of the world , and make it a lot of fibery bricks .
Transistor is a plastic that electronic atoms will take us from the world of the slums that are all the world that holds together .
It 's like a concrete knife , transistors that lets you build larger , more electroric , little ones that are wire .
I personally don 't adopt this , that the creative torsive trees are just the experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how it works .
Littlele is the electronic atoms with different functions .
You 're green with a green , you can make a circuit .
Instead of swinging the building blocks , like this , and you have a flashlight of light .
Gorming this little car here and you 've created an automobile .
We 've put a little silly-to-lendle-to-white kid , and we 're playing with a little jamppy .
And that 's a wonderful experience .
We also also bring the whole thing to the Designer .
So here we have the designers that we haven 't heard of the video , playing with the sweet bottlits that are the creative tool .
And here you 're going to see , with the hunchy , paper and water , and she has made out ...
A few weeks ago we put the Speech to RISD and gave them some designers , with no , with the magazine , with the cover , and paper and paper -- and tell them that . "
If the government has to do the data that are not the right thing that they can 't possibly tell the person 's genius .
But today , in this moment when this one of you had bought a laser printer printer , and you had a camera that was a machine that was a machine that would be a year-up , and if you had a printed paper paper , there '
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this dynamics of this cybercumbled online is straightforward and understandable .
They use the attacker online to make a lot of money , lots of money .
Some of the classic examples of these people are coming from the Internet networks are made of money from cyberattacking .
Alfred Gonzalzz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hidden ; and nobody knows where he 's going .
And I claim that we are today that we are the end of cybercriminals of the world to be in the world .
And the obvious fact that these are worse is becoming worse .
In the future , not the most of the cases that will happen in the world .
The groups of Anonymousus was raised in the last 12 months and became a major force in this cybercack .
So we have three main attacks : the criminal criminals with the money of hackers , like Sonymusus to respond to the end and the state itself is that we 're attacking us .
There are many cases that happened in DigiNN .
They had to subtittedly last year-creative last year because their system was destroyed .
In a week , in a meeting with the Nutch government agency , I have a question to ask their leaders , whether he 's seen if you have to die because DigiNot is attacked .
DigiNotot is a company that is a service provider company .
In fact , you need a realization if you have a website using a week of antRCL , which is the service that Gailm is used .
All of us , or at least we are in fact , we 're using Gmail or an app of an app-itrambo app , and these services that are particularly popular in Iranitarian countries , where the houses themselves will use the
And then we can prove that the fake incentives .
And that 's exactly what happened in DigiNN .
In this document that are from notes from a company that has a shell company in Germany who sold the most important company that could be able to hear on a large scale of all the tribes and the trade of the people .
This is the main own government of that company .
But the Western government also do it in our own country .
For example , in Germany , some weeks ago , they discovered the Vojuuui , the kind of a virus that was the U.K. government was used to investigate their own .
They heard her siblings .
They even use the tools like Trojanuuanu to get infections into your computer , and so they can get all of you to have , you have your conversations through your background , and your passwords .
So why I have to worry about ?
But this argument is not rational .
Privacy is not to argue .
This is a problem with freedom and control .
And we have trust , a blind way in the future , a government that we can have in the next 50 years ?
