When I was a kid , I thought the Norweute was the best country in the world and I used to say , " We don 't have jealousy . "
I was very proud of my country .
In school , we spent a lot of time to learn about the president of Venus II System , but we didn 't learn a lot about the outside world , except for the United States , Korea and Japan was our enemies .
Even though I 've been wondering , I don 't know how the world out there , but I still think that we 're going to live life in Northern Africa , until the whole suddenly changed .
When I was seven , I witnessed people who tried to shoot the first time in my life , but I still think my life was normal .
My family is not poor , and I 'd never been hungry .
But in the day of 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from a cousin hanging along with my mother .
And then there 's this : When you read about these lines , the family of the five children have no longer lived in a couple of weeks .
All the top on the floor , and the bodies we can 't feel like death .
I was shocked .
Because the first time I knew that my cell was suffering .
Shortly after that , when I walked through a station , I saw a horror scene that I could never forget .
On the course of the gas is deadly deadly for a two-hand man who 's holding a baby , and she knows who staring at their face .
But no one helped them , because they 're all concerned for themselves and family .
In the ' 90s , North Korea suffered severe famine .
It made more than a million North Korean died in famine , and many people just surviving , the beetles and the beetles .
It 's more productive than ever , so everything around me is dark at night shadows at night , except that lightbulb from the Chinese is just my house .
I 'd always wondered why they have no power .
This is a picture from Northwan North Korean in the night of the night .
This is the Sanden River , it 's the natural border between North Korea and China .
Maybe it 's a very small deal , so that some of North Koreans were secret to China .
But lots of people died .
And I saw them on the river .
I can 't talk about how I 've been hiding out of North Korea , which might be able to say that in the very difficult years , because of hunger , I sent to China to live with a cousin .
I 'm just thinking , I 'm just going to have a long time .
Now , I can imagine that I 'm going to have to go to 14 years .
In China , the life of a child was isolated from my family .
I didn 't expect what happened to the life of a refugee of North Korean would be , but I soon realized that it wasn 't very tough , but it was extremely dangerous , because the refugees were North Korea Korea in China was considered
I 've always lived in a regular fear that my identity is going to be detected , and I will be returned to the old life in North Korea .
And one day , that nightmare became the truth , I was shot at the Chinese police and brought the police to the police .
Someone told them that I was North Korean , so they tested my best hypothesis and ask me a lot of questions .
I 've been terrified , and it feels like heart failure .
Because if they saw something , unfortunately , I 'm going to be thrown into a prison and then returns .
I think my life is the end , but I still try to control my emotions and answer their questions .
After the end , one of the two police say to the other person , this is a wrong case .
It 's not North Koreans . "
And they release me . That 's a miracle .
North Koreans in China came to the foundations of foreign countries to kill , but many of them were arrested by the police of the Chinese and got paid back .
Those girls were very lucky .
Because even though it was arrested , but eventually it was released by the force of the international community .
But North Koreans didn 't be lucky .
Every year , there were countless North Korean who was arrested in China and had been returned to the water , where they were tortured , were stored or arrested .
While I was lucky , because I was released , so many of my estate isn 't .
North Koreans have to hide his identity and struggled to make a difference .
Even when they 're Chinese sched and found a job , their life can be scattered in one moment .
That 's why after 10 years of anonymous speech , I decided to take my reassuring myself to South Korea , to start a new life again .
The life stabil the life is much harder .
Because in South Korea , the English is very important , so I started English English , my third language .
I also realized a very large gap between South and North North Korea .
We 're both Korean , but we 've become very different from 67 years of being cut .
I went through a crisis of their origins .
I am North Korea or North Korea ?
I went from ?
Suddenly , I had no country to be proud of the Organization .
Even though to enjoy life in South Korea , it 's not easy , but I set up a plan .
And she started to prepare for college .
Yet , even though I 'm just familiar with my life , I 'm absolutely terrible news .
North North North Korea realized that the money that I sent back to the family , and , to punish them , they would have to move back to a place that was in rural area .
And they can quickly release out of that , I started planning to help my family .
North Koreans have to pass through the same way it doesn 't seem to be free .
Because they 're making the border from Northw North to South Korea than almost impossible , so I have to fly to China and back to the North North North North North .
Because my family didn 't know Chinese , so I had to go along with 2,000 people in the Central China and went to Southeast Asia .
The bus was last about a week , a few times more than we were approached .
Once , our car has been reverted and arrested by a Chinese police .
He 's going to see all of the people , and we start asking .
Because my family didn 't understand Chinese , so I thought they 're going to be arrested .
When the Chinese police came up , and I was instantly waking up and told him that this was the deaf people that I had to go .
He looks suspicious me , but he 's very lucky to believe me .
And we went on to go to the border of Laboratory , and I had to use nearly nearly all the money that I was bribing for the people who were guarding the border .
And yet , after we 've crossed the border , my family was arrested in prison for the crime edition .
After I applied to punishment and bribed my family , my family was released in a month , and then went back in the capital capital of the department .
That 's the fastest time in my life .
I 've done all sorts of ways to get my family to free with the freedom , and we 're already successful , but they 're arrested while we 're criticizing South Koreans .
I went back to the middle of the police department and the police police , and I was desperate to find my family , but I didn 't have enough money to bribe or payments .
I 'm absolutely desperate .
At that time , there was a man who asked me , " What is it ? "
I 'm incredibly surprised by a total stranger to my mind .
By the course of his wallet alone and a classic words , I told him to the family of my family . Not a little bit of the time , the guy was going to go to ATM. paid back all the money , and two
I thank you with my heart , and I said , " Why does he help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " he said .
" I am helping North North Korea . "
I realized that 's a very large point of nowhere in my life .
From good men from the strange strictions , for me , and the Northwans and the North North Africans where we 're looking at it , and he gave me a good out of strangers from the stranger and financedations of
After all , after a long journey , and the family was united in Korea , but to be the freedom was just half of the struggle .
A lot of North Koreans were being cut with their families , and when they came to another country , they had to start initially with a very small or less money .
So we can take aid from the international community for education , education in academia , and many other areas .
We can also act as a bridge between the people who are in North Korea with the outside world , because there 's so many people in these people are communicating with other family members in the country , and we shared with them with information and money
I 've been incredibly lucky to get a lot of help and inspiration for my entire life , so I want you to be able to get to my country to the opportunity to develop along with international support .
I believe that you 're going to see more and more North Korean succeeds everywhere .
Thank you .
I 'm just asking one .
Don 't tell me that I was normal .
Now I want to leave you with my brothers .
She 's 22-year-old , high and beautiful .
I don 't speak , but I 've delivered a joy in the way , even some of the most brilliant as the best possible cann .
Remb knows what love is .
I share it in a way that no matter whatsoever .
She 's not greedy . You don 't color color .
I don 't care about religion , and let 's understand that he 'd never lied .
When I sing songs from our childhood , tried to remember the words that came to me , and I was telling me a little bit : What we know about how brains we are , and what we haven 't yet yet .
Samuel is 16 years old . He 's very ugly . He 's very beautiful .
I had an excellent memory .
But also selective .
I don 't remember whether you 're going to kill my mottonette cake , but I remember walking through the five-minute song on my iPod , the talk between us from the four-year-old approach , Telget
And this sounds really cool ?
But most people don 't agree .
And the reality is that my mind isn 't suited with a normal version of the normal , normal ones often overlooked .
But the heart of my heart relieved my soul and my mind is that , although this is true , even though they 're not seen as normal , this may only mean that they 're extraordinary .
For you not very familiar with the phrase for autism , it 's a brain disorder that affects the ability of social ability , learning and sometimes physical possibilities .
The symptom in the individual individuals , that 's why the Remi is is very different .
And around the world , over 20 minutes , there 's a self-worth of people who are diagnosed with autism , and even though it 's one of the fastest development in the world 's fastest speed in the world , we don 't
And I couldn 't remember the first time that I approached with autism , but I couldn 't remember one day .
I was three years old when I was born and I was very encouraged that there was a new person in my life .
And after a few months , I noticed that you were different .
Honey screaming .
I don 't want to play as little girls , and in fact , you may seem not interested in me or anything else .
It 's living in the world of their own , with your own rule , and I find the joy in the smallest things , like scraping around the room and stare at the machine and eat at the clean machine and eat anything in
As it grows up , you become more and more and more and more .
But beyond the railing and brutal and intensive thermaliation isn 't resting , is something unique : pure and pure instinctive and innocence , a boy who looks a little bit of prejudice , a person who
Normal .
Well , I couldn 't deny that there was some tough moments in my family , the moments I would love to do my children .
But I put my memory back to what I taught me about how to talk about , the communications and love , and I realize that these are things that I won 't change to normal .
It 's normal to ignore beauty that tells us and that we don 't mean that we have nothing .
It means that there 's a different category .
And if I can only get one of the things for Rembi and for Sam and for you , and that 's what you don 't have to do .
You can be extraordinary .
Because having autism autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift , who is carrying in a gift , and frankly , in pursuit of the normal is the greatest potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and empowerment changes when we try to become like a different person .
Please .
Thank you .
Maybe you agree with me is a beautiful street .
It 's built up plastic sugar , and plastic is sugar , it 's the material that runs on it , but it 's very smooth , but it 's not always the same time , especially in the daytime today .
Then you can get water on the horizon .
And especially if you 're biased car , and we 're going to go through these cars cars .
In addition , plastics make noise more noise .
It 's a noise , if we make the streets like the Netherlands , very close to urban cities , we want a static path .
The solution to the problem is to make sugar streets from plastics .
Pongrover is the material we 're working on building most of the world in the Netherlands , it 's liquid and water just through the hole , so every rain will rush out all the way , and you 'll have a
And noise will vanrate through a void .
Because it 's sad , it 's all noise that will vanrate , so the road is silent .
Of course , there 's still a lot of inconvenities , and the definition of this sugar is the greedy , the smell of things .
What 's the bottlenecks ? You see it on the road , the floating layer .
First of all of you get a rock , and more and more , more and more , and then -- and I -- I won 't do it .
But they can manipulate your carriid , you 're not happy with that .
And after the same , this situation is going to break a lot more pain .
They sometimes make chicken .
Yeah . He 's ready .
This chicken , of course , can be a problem , but we have a solution .
It 's really like you can see how this material has a bench .
It 's plastic spooy , as I said , you 're just a tiny amount of glowing between the rocks .
Under the effects of weather , the solar radiation , the upper condition of ultra-generating oxygen , the high-pospose smashes between the contractors would contract , and if contracting it , it 's going to have
And if you park that truck there , you 're destroying these blocks -- as we can see here .
To tackle this problem , we 're making materials that we 're making materials .
If we created these materials , we can find solutions .
What we 're able to do is scratch the wires of steel and wipe it away , and we cut debrushed mouths , and we put these little pieces of little bits with a barrel .
So we have plastic mixed with steel .
Then you need a machine , as you can see here , the machine used to cook foods -- a really naive machine .
The sensors that can create heat , solid steel heat .
So what you do is you 're boiling steel , you heat it up , and the polymers would flow into this little hyper-end circuitry , and the rocks would stick stick back on the back .
Today I 'm using a microwave mic , because I can 't lift the sensors that can lift up on the stage .
Larks has a similar system .
I 'd let my object in the oven , now I 'm going to take it out to check it out .
This is the object .
I said we 've invented a machine that 's like this at the lab .
At the lab we 've tried through many samples , and then the government , they 're actually seeing the results , and they say , " Well , that 's great . We have to try . "
And they gave us a piece of railway , half 400 meters of Count58 , we had to build a new prototype of this new material .
So that 's what we 've done here . You look at the way the experiment that we 've done , and then , of course , we 're going to survive in a number of years that 's no damage . That 's
We 've taken lots of samples from this path and we tried them in the lab .
So we 're getting plants , we put a lot of downloads on them , stick them back to them , and they tried them .
We can do that again .
And in fact , the conclusion comes out of this research is that if we 're feeding up four years in the same time with a compassor -- that 's the size of the size we 've made it to try to save the real
Well , to put together , I can say that we 've created a fuel using steel fibers , add steel steel , using the heat of the time , to actually help people increased the longevity , it 's a long life expectancy ,
Now , you 're wondering whether it works .
We 're still here . It 's a warm .
It 's supposed to let it cool down , and I showed you the effect of the tangible ink .
But let me try .
Look , yeah . It 's sticky .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk about a confusing question that the answer is not .
The topic is the secret of domestic violence , and the question I 'd ask is the question that people always ask : Why why ?
Why should women do so they have them ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social worker or a professional expertise .
I am just a woman who wants to share my story .
And then I was 22 years old , at Harvard Medical School .
I moved to New York City when I worked on the New York City when I was doing the first job , and the editorial editorial magazine .
First time I got my apartment , my American Express , and I had a huge secret .
That particular secret is , this gun is flipped outlowlowes on the head of my family by the man who thought you were born , and over time .
The man was love to love all the people were pointing at the head and threatened to tell me that I couldn 't remember it .
I 'm here to tell you about crazy love , a trapical tragic wound in the love of the millions of women and even some men he has every year .
This is your story .
I don 't like a family mindset .
I had a U.S. English situation , and the Loise of marketing is from the case of Whocon .
I spent my careerwork for corporations in the U.S.
I married with my second husband nearly 20 years and had three children .
My dog is the Blackber , and I drove to Hinea Odinsey .
So the first thing I want to tell you is that the violence is happening to all sorts of people , every religion , every level of income and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I wanted to say is that people think that violence is happening to women , that 's the issue of women .
It 's not true .
Over 85 percent of the men are men , and the violence of the family occurred in the relationship of the intimacy , the constraints , in the other way , in the family , where we finally wanted to look at it as a sense of violence
I 'm personally to myself myself , I 'm still on the earth to live with the men who are beat him , but actually , I am a terrified victim .
I was 22 years old , living in the United States , the age between 16 to 24 , 24 times more likely to be the victim of the domestic violence compared to women , and on top of seven women and girls who were killed every year by the
I used to be a classic identity because I didn 't know what domestic violence , the warning signals or patterns .
I met him in a single night , and rain and cold .
He sat next to me in New York City , and he was telling me .
He told me about two things .
And he was , he was like me , like I.dy League , and he was working on a very bank bank on the Wall Street .
But the best thing to me in the first encounter is he 's smart and he looks like a farmer .
He had these big swelles , big cheek eyes , and his hair chains like the gold of gold and he was very sweet .
One of the most smart things that I 've been doing , since the beginning start , is to create a visualization that I 'm talking about promising .
He was doing this at the beginning of religion .
So we started dating , and he love me to tell me what I was smart , that I picked the Harvard , that I was going to help me a new girl and work .
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , my hope and wishes me .
My ideal believed , as a writer and a woman who had no one .
And he also created the incredible miracle of trust between us by getting his secret , that , as he was a child born at four years old had been mistaked by the evil and brutally , but by his father , and the murder
That explains why I was in Levy League and the work in the Wall Wall and his future of his future .
If you talk to me that the men are smart , sexy , sensitive , who like me to be when I 'm exposed to my website or not , my skate is flat , how I live , I 'm going to do , who
I didn 't know that the first stage in any domestic relationship was tempting and empowerment .
I didn 't know that the second phase was a victim .
Now , Conrenm not come home to a day and informed , says , " Hey , she knows , all of these nauts and bittows are great , but I have to move to the next place where I 'm isol
Instead , I was on a Friday night and he told me that he 's missed his dream of his dreams , and he says , he says , he says , " Because he makes me feel safely , and he loved it , he didn '
Now , the last thing I want to do is left the New York and the dream of my dream , but I thought you had to sacrifice your own friends , so I agree , and I 'm working on , I 'm working on the Manhattan
I don 't think I 've been working on a crazy love , that I 'm walking into the head of the psycho , the money , and it 's located .
The next step in this case is that it 's led to the violence threat and see what we 're talking about .
From here , the guns .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where the Queor is supposed to feel safe -- he bought three people .
He maintained a tree in the beetle .
The sugar sugar beneath our bedroom , our bed , he 's got the right in the middle of nowhere .
And he said that he needed these guns because he had experienced in the past as a child .
He needed them to feel secure .
But these guns actually was a message for me , and although he hadn 't lifted my arms , but my life was in danger of every day .
Confice was attacked me five years ago .
That 's at seven when I was sleeping .
I 'm still cloned at my desk , and I 'm going to have a speech that was traded and I felt sad , my colleague , my father 's anger , my grandfather 's going to take my arms around my neck
Five thousand days later , 10 years killed brows on my neck , I made my own dress dress , and I got married with him .
And for the things that happened , I 'm sure we 're going to live happily ever because I love him and he loved me .
And he 's kind of blilling .
He was really very nervous in weddings and building my family .
It 's a distinctive , and he 's never going to hurt me .
It happened once more time in the week .
For the first time , I was driving to find a mystic cabin , and I was lost , and he was on the first side of me , I was very impulsive , and I was very impulsive on the door of the
A few days later , when she was driving his home after the moon , he got tired of his car , and he threw his bags at the same time .
My superpove hit me two times every week during the two months later and the half years since marriage .
I was wrong when I thought I was the only one and I was alone in this .
One third of the U.S. women go through the domestic violence or the leading place in the course of the life and the CD Codes shows 15 million children per year , 15 million .
So I 'm actually in the very good company .
Back my questions : Why did I stay ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know he 's a force .
Even he started my gun on my head , pushing me to the floor , threatening my dog , pull the keys out of my car when I 'm driving down into highways to the Machine Cathet , and I was in
Instead , I was a strong woman in love with a man who had a problem , and I was the only person on the earth who could help him face him with his ugly .
The other question that people ask is , why don 't you leave ?
Why don 't I go ? I can leave any chance .
For me , that 's the sad question and the most painful , because we , the ones who knew certain things that you don 't know : it 's a terrible danger to leave a fellow fellow .
Because in the end of the family 's family was killed her .
More than 70 percent of the domestic violence that happened after the victim of the relationship , after she left , and after that executives had nothing left .
But the other consequence of being seen for a long time , even after the abuse of the rectangles ; it 's from the financial sources ; and the dynamics of the family system to do the fear of victims and her children ,
And we have continued to ask , why don 't you leave it ?
I was able to leave , because of the end of the violent , I was able to hit my left .
I realized that my man loved love to kill me if I left him .
So I broke the silence .
I told people : the police , the neighbors , my friends and family , who was totally strange , and I was here today because you 're helping me .
We have a stereotype view of victim as horror , horrorism .
The question , " Why is you ? "
That 's the definition of some of the people , " It 's a mistake of the girl who 's selected his love with the idea of destruction .
But since the publishing " Crazy Love , " I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who have left , who learned a lesson of lifeless life , but what happened , and who builds life -- happily ,
Because the truth is that I 'm a victim of my family violence who ended up to me is a classic survivor of domestic violence .
I ended up kissing with a male man , and I was able to do with three children .
I have my Blackberry , and I have a Carteran .
What I 've never been half of them , it 's a really cooler in my head by somebody who says he 's love me .
At this moment , maybe you 're thinking , " Oh , this is great , " and , " Oh , she 's stupid , but all of this time , I 'm actually talking about you .
And I 'm sure you 're going to hear me at this moment is the people who are being abused or people who are used to be used as small as the child or the opposite of themselves .
The compromise can affect your daughter , your girlfriend , your closest friend .
I can finish my crazy love by discovering silence .
I 'm sticking away today .
This is how I helped others , and this is my last request .
Let 's talk about what you 've heard here .
The reincidence of fear .
You have strong power to end up simply by sending light .
We needed victims .
We need you to understand the secrets of violence .
All of the world 's paradox is by talking about it with your children , your friends , friends and family .
They teach their lives , but they 're happy , desirable with the future .
Understanding early warning signs and violence of the conscience , dropped it down , just for the victim .
Together we can make our bedrooms , our family and our family 's family and safety .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There 's about 10,000 bird in the world .
The reprogation is one of the most vulnerable bird .
When you saw a ludder , like the first thing that 's happening in your mind is , these are really ugly creatures , bad food , and you 're close to exclusively .
I wanted to change the perception . I wanted to change the feelings that you 're dedicating these birds , because they need to be our compassion . They really need .
Let me tell you why .
First of all , why are they impressed ?
Charles Charles Darwin crosses over the Pacific Ocean in 1832 from the Beinle , he saw the Turkey Schlaude , he said , " These birds are busting with the bright head that 's sweeping in
You can 't get much worse worse , and that 's Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed his mindset when he came back , let me tell you why .
They 're also linked to Disney -- purely characterized .
More recently , if you 're following in news in Kenya -- -- these are the attributable attributings that are linked to the guidges .
I want to resistant because you know what ?
Because the air doesn 't keep the clean environment .
The police couldn 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're mostly unable to make a co-law .
They were extinct .
And , what I like to do is that , the shedder is a lot more .
There are two kind of nurturing of this planet .
The New York Victures are found in the United States , like theodor and the car that 's driving the World Trade Center , where there are about 16 species species , and 16 kilometers species have 11 species species .
So , why is it regulators ? First of all , they provide the essential services . They clean up .
They 're actually natural freakoms .
They clean water deadly .
They help kill out bacteria . They help it seduction that the virus can spread and causing some losses for livestock and feed them .
The most recent studies have shown that in the areas that there 's no need to navigate need to be twice as much as three times to biodegrade , and the huge outcome of this is the spread of disease .
The reprogation also has a great history of their importance .
They were combined with cultural culture .
Nkhetet is the symbol of guard and the mother , and with a tiger tiger , the symbolic symbol of the sentence between the C.S. and the cross-up .
In the Hindu , Jatayu was the softer , he was risked his life to rescuing the femine from New York .
In the Tibetical industry , they 're actually working very important . In places like in Tibet , there 's no place for dead people , or not fire to fire them , so the humiliation offers a natural control system
So what 's the driving teneor ?
We have 880,000 units of Kenya in which there are six species that are under threatening .
The reason is they 're dominated , they 're sustained because there are some of the battles between people and wildlife , these communities who are using these toxins to replace the animals but instead of poking victims .
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four humilized enemies are stressed in the list of the list , which means that they 're less than 10 or 15 years to reach the extinct and the reason is because they 're
It 's been banned in the medical industry in India .
Because there 's no caitable meme , so there 's the spread of the number of wild dogs in the areas of land-wanging areas when you have dogs , you have a huge promise for a terrible disease on the disease . Some
There 's going to be the biggest wind in the United States with 353 marches will be installed in Lakeland .
I don 't reflect the wind , but we need to work with government , because the wind incentives make these bird .
They 're the tiles of bird .
In Africa , there 's a trade-offcluster trade to serve the magic markets and stadium .
So what did we do ? We 're doing this research on the bird . We 're actually looking at the receiver .
We 're trying to figure out their primary school , and they marked where they go .
We can see them move so many different countries , so if you just pay attention to the problems on this scale , it won 't help you .
We need to work with government footprint levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're telling them about respecting leverage , who are essential to honor these beautiful creatures and the benefits that they bring .
How do you make it ? You can become an active , create voice speak . You can write your government and tell them that we need to pay attention to these misunderstood . It 's a little bit of the time .
When you stepped out of this room , you 're going to get information about the humiliation , but let 's tell you your family , your children , neighbors .
They 're very adequate . Charles Darwin said he was talking about his boss , because he saw seeing them as a trek as much as a force on the sky .
Kenya , the world , will be much more than if there 's no great animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a morning I woke up in my ejoment in my apartment .
My father was listening to the BBC on his cheap guy .
He made a big smile , which was unusual for news .
And he goes , " The Taliban have gone . "
I didn 't know , but I can see my father , very happy .
" You can actually go to school .
I can 't forget .
A real school .
You know , the Taliban are reaching over Afghanistan when I was six years old and stopped the girls .
In the next five years , I was assembled as a boy to leave with my grandmother to a secret office because she was banned from my house .
That 's the only way we can learn .
Every day , we go to different ways to not get a suspected question about our destination .
We hides in textbooks in the shipyard , so people would think we 're just shopping .
That school in a house , more than 100 members of us in complete room .
Pretty warm in the winter , but the summer is hot .
We all know about her own risk of teachers , our students and our parents .
There 's a few times , it 's a random school field closed for a week for the Taliban .
We wondered what we knew about us .
Did we see this ?
Do they know where we are ?
We were scared , but we didn 't go to school .
I 'm very fortunate enough for a very respectful family in education .
My grandfather was a remarkable person at all .
She was completely lost in a long-looking place in Afghanistan , and he hidesings to his daughter , and my mother was to go to school , and therefore he had his father .
But my mother had education teacher members .
She 's here .
She retired two years ago to use our house to open school and women in their neighbors .
And this is my father 's first member of his family .
No doubt that his son 's going to be educated , including his daughters , regardless of the Taliban , and despite danger .
To him , he doesn 't learn a greater danger .
In the Talibans , I remember that there are times when I was angry about my life and the fear of it .
I 'd like to get out of school , but my father , he says , " Listen , you can lose everything on this life .
The money can be robbed . She can be forced to leave from house during the war .
But one thing surviving with this is one thing , and if we 're going to have to get to get to get the money to pay money , we 'll do that .
So the other wants to continue ?
I was 22 years old .
I was raised in a country that was killed by decades .
Less than six percent of my older women were high school after high school , and if my family was not my commitment to me , I was one of them .
And yet , I 'm proud to be a graduate student .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was left by family because he dared his daughter to go to me , was one of the first people who were celebrating me .
He didn 't talk about my degree of height , but I was the first woman , and I was the first lady who could afford him in the Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed big , but my family wishes me .
So I 'm presidential for 1010 , this is the global feminist movement .
So I helped to SOOLAL , the first school , and the only thing for girls in Afghanistan , a country that was still threatened for girls to school .
I 'm very excited to see my students to my society to embrace this opportunity .
And I saw my parents and father to my father , supporting them , regardless of them .
It 's like Ahmed . It 's not his true reality , and I can 't get his face , but Ahmed is my father 's father .
Less than a month , he and his daughter was onway to SOLA from their village , and they actually only died just to kill a leg of a shooting in a few minutes .
When he was about to his house , his cell phone , a threat of his threat , if he continued his daughter to go to the school , they will try .
And he said , " If you want to kill me , but I won 't ruin the future of my daughter because of the living ideas and human experiences . "
I 've now discovered about Afghanistan , and this is something that is often dominated by the West , is that most of us who are successful is a man who respects our dignity and people see their success as their success .
This is not a mother who 's not important in our success .
Indeed , they 're the first person and people who are persuading for a future of their daughter , but in social situations like Afghanistan , we need to support the men of the men .
In the Taliban , the girls to the hundreds of people , remember , that 's illegal .
But today , more than three million women are biology in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks very different from the United States .
I find American people see vulnerability , fragile .
I 'm afraid that all those change will not be after dragging after the U.S. military .
But when I got back to Afghanistan , when I saw my students in my school and their parents support them , encouraging them , I saw a promise of promise for change and change changes .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , unlimited , and every one of the SOLIL reminds me .
Like , they have a dream .
Thank you .
Hi . This is my cell phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a telephone also give you free .
With a mobile phone , you can record the images of the Afghan actions of Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can post a message on Tweet and start to participate in a protest protest in Egypt .
And with a telephone , you can record a song , it posted it up to SoundCo and become famous .
All those can 't be with your cell phone .
I was a kid in 1984 , and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back at that moment .
You can see here in thousands of people who are standing up and representatives .
That 's the fall in 1989 , and let 's imagine the human beings standing up and represent the exchange that there is a mobile phone in the pocket .
Who 's in your office ?
Go up it .
Let your pop your cell phone , show your next phone !
Rose it up . It 's a great phone phone , Blackberry .
A lot . Today , most of us have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself and my cell phone , and the way it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There 's 35 miles of 30 .
Public information .
But why does that information here ?
The reason is that the next year in 2006 , the European Union happened to have an indicator .
It 's called preserving data .
This indicators reveal each of the telecommare company in Europe , every single Internet service provider in Europe , has to record a vast amount of information about users users .
Who 's who calling whom ? Who sent someone email ?
Who has sent to a mobile message ?
And if you use cell phones , this is where the problem exists .
All of this information has been stored at least six months , for two years by the time that you 're using or the Internet services .
And in Europe , the people stood up and said , " We don 't want that . "
They said , we don 't want to store this information .
We wanted to get the freedom of digital technology , and we didn 't want to show companies that the telecommares and the Internet service provider all of their information .
They are lawyers , journalists and all these parties , say , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 1,200 people marched in the streets of Berlin and the voyage of liberal , fearless . "
And some people even said , it 's like $ 2.90 .
Stasi is the police force in the German .
I used to ask myself , did it work ?
Could they record ?
Every time we use our mobile cell phones ?
So I asked the Network , histor. Cuts Telsek , the world 's largest service provider at that moment , and I asked them , please , give me my entire information that they 've stocked .
And I asked them to ask me to just me , and I kept continuously requiring , but what I got was just a clear answer . Blah is blah .
But then I said , I wanted to get this information , because they were saving my life .
And I decided I was going to run a court to the court , I wanted to get these information .
But Deutsche Teek said , no , we won 't give you this information .
And finally , I had a deal with them .
I 'm going to zip the case , and they will give me the information I love .
Because at the time , the court constitution building accounted that the European Union wouldn 't have the power in the German state .
So I got this beautiful brown cherish with a CD in the inside .
And on the CD Camp , what I need to be on there .
35,800 facts of information .
First I looked at it , and I said , okay , it 's a big data . Good .
But then I realized , this was all my life .
This is my life in six months , which was recorded in this data .
Then I had a little wonder , what did it do ?
Because I can see where I 've been there , where I sleep every night , what I did .
But then I said , I 'd like to extend this information .
I want it to be known by the public .
Because I want to show people what the data looks like .
So for Zeit Online and Overnen Dal City , I was doing the same thing .
These are images images of life in six months .
You can zoom or you smallize it , you can reverse return or faster or forward .
You can see my step .
You can even know me to Frankgebted down to Colomby , and the frequency I call the center of two locations .
All it can be with this information .
I had a fear .
But the information isn 't just about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First of all , it 's just like this , I call my wife and calling me , we talked to each other three times .
And then some of you told me , they call each other .
And then you 're calling you , and you call you , and you 're going to have this big communication network .
But you can see how we communicate with each other , when they go to sleep .
You can see all that .
You can see the most vulnerable , sort of like leadership leaders in a group .
If you have access to these data , you can see the activity of the community , society .
If you have access to these data , you can control society .
This is a drawing of design for countries like China or Iran .
This is a drawing of reference to look at the entire society , because you know what people who talked to people who , who sent emails , all that could be if you have access to these information .
And these information was stored at least six months in Europe , until about two years .
So as I said when I was beginning , imagine if all these people on the Berlinot in 1989 , had a cell phone cell in the pocket .
And maybe Stasi will know who who joined in this protests , and if Stasi knows who 's leaders , behind it , then it will never happen .
The plot of the Berlin may not exist .
And so if there 's the collapse of the iron in the free War .
Because today , the agencies and the companies want to regain the information that they have as much as possible , the online and online .
They want to be able to look at our lives , and therefore they want to record these information at all time .
The mastery and the living in the digital age , there was no conflict .
What you should do is to fight for yourself today .
And you have to fight it for every day .
After that , when you go home , tell your friends that the privacy is the dominant value in the 21st century , and that 's not a mistake .
When you go home , say , just as far as their representatives , because companies and the functional agency can hold on specific information , even though they don 't necessarily do that .
And if you don 't trust me , ask you to send the information that they 've stocked .
So in the future , whenever you use your phone , so it reminds you that you have to fight for personal compassion in this age .
Thank you .
Photography is my passion , since I 'm sufficient to take a camera , but I 'd like to share with you 15 times I 'm most of , and I don 't .
There 's no technical director , no more no , no , no , no .
In fact , most of them are taken by travel travelers .
The story began when I went to New York City to participate in a speech and my wife took a picture of my daughter 's birthday , and we stood at 55 and five .
We came back to New York City , and then we decided to take a picture .
You can see where the story is .
And when I was going to go to my third birthday , my wife said , " Why don 't you delable to New York to do a tourism with a father and a girl , and then we 're going to go to the
Since then we started by passengers through tourography .
You know , it takes my camera to a completely global stranger in the entire world .
No no refuse , and fortunately hasn 't been done with our cameras .
And , we didn 't know what was going to change our lives .
It 's become authenticity .
This was taken a couple weeks after 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what was happening in the ways that a five-year-old child could understand .
These pictures are not just representing beings representing a moment , or a certain kind of specialty .
They 're how we 're going to stop in a week of December , about thinking about our time and how we change every year , not just physically physically , but in every face .
Because although we 're taking a picture , but our view has changed , the daughter got to find novels , and I was looking at my life through the eyes of the eyes , how it 's observed and interact with everything .
And the time that we 're focused on each other is something that we value and expect all the time .
Recently , in a trip , we 're all the way that we 're going to stop in the middle of the road , and it 's just the blackout of the Bageye that 's very much when it 's
She described me a feeling of the age of five-year-old , when I was standing in that position .
It said it remembers that she came out of his chest cabinet when she saw it once , and it was nine years old .
And now what it 's in New York is university colleges , because it decided to go in New York .
And I realized : one of the most important things we create is memories .
So I 'd like to share this idea of holding a memory of a memory .
I don 't know what you are , but at 15 , I don 't show a lot of family in my family .
I was always photographed .
So today I want to encourage all of people to get in the picture , and don 't just take a step anywhere to someone , and ask , " Do you help us help us ? "
Thank you .
I never forget my grandmother to honor -- she died in the shallow : " Man , let 's fight the Gaddafi .
But never never turned into a form of the Gradbian revolution . "
By the last two years since the New York Times exploded , was killed by hybridizing by the super-sized athletes from the beginning of Tunisia and Egypt .
I was involved in forces in the high-force forces and the police to call the day of the day and to start a response to the Gradafian regime .
And that 's a great revolution .
Militi-funded women on the front-hand country , the queue of liberals , dignity , social justice .
They 've got a clear shot in the first of the original to the authoritarian regulatory regime .
They showed them a propion of coherence to hang out to the east to the southern end .
After all , after six months of polio brutal damage to the neocence of the people who had managed to release the country and we broke the Heart .
And yet , Gradafi has to leave a burden , an assault of corruption , corruption and the divides .
In the four decades , the venomian authoritarian Gradafi had destroyed the infrastructure , like culture and culture of society .
With the destruction of the destruction and the challenges , I was like many other women , sizable African society , to call the entire landscape and the transition to address democracy and independence .
200 200 institutions were founded in Benenghazi during that time and instantly after Gaddafi ruins -- almost 300 in the Pacific Coast .
After 33 years of my life , I went back to Libya , with my most enthusiasm , I began to organize classes training skills , developing human leadership skills .
Together a great women , I 'm cobbing Cat Lank in Montana Library to the National Museum of global women , leaders from all the different parts of society , to enabled the empowerment of social media for women and
I was in a very difficult situation for the voting market , a more and more positive environment , a landscape that was shaped by a political perspective , and it was .
I led an architect from the Sufus of Virgin Women 's Council in order to lobby loverby for transporting a safer agreement , the laws that could bring to the citizens , whether they come out ,
UNAIDS we 've been accepted and succeeded .
Country won 17.5 percent in the U.S.
However , once , a little bit of a sudden , the excitement from the elections and the revolutions twistically -- when we first woke up with the news of violence .
One day we came to news about all of these ancient drilling and primordialism .
On the other day we wake up with news about the American slavery campaign and the attack against leadership .
The other day we wake up with the idea of the police officers .
And every day , every day we woke up with the rule of the armed forces and the average associated with the rights of human rights with prison and also respectless rules in their laws .
Our societies , by shaped by revolutionary media , becoming more and more than the ideal , the definition of liberty , dignity , social status that we followed .
Type isn 't tolerant , exceptions and reports become symbolized .
I 'm here to suggest that there 's no inspiring to tell the story of successality to create the scram of the tind and the elections .
And I come here to admit that we 're -- the whole country has made a wrong choice .
We didn 't priorit rights rights .
Because the votes are unable peace , stability or security for Libya .
Will the draft of the draft and the interrogation between the male and the U.S. and the U.S. and the country ?
No , no .
So what did it help ?
Why is that society we 're going to remain as a polar society and governed by political and inspiring economies , by both men and women ?
Perhaps unprivation is not only about the feminity of women who are women 's health values , tolerance , and inclusion .
Our society needs a national conversation and the prosperity is more than the need elections , just to increase the distribution and divide it .
Our societies need to have more dependent on women , rather than the numbers of the world .
We needed to stop acting like the ambulators of stopping .
We need to start acting as a metaphor of compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a feminist , not only honor , but to run tolerance for fear , instead of competition instead of competition .
These are the necessary ideas that the country has been devastated from Delhi , which is needed to get peace .
Because peace is like the author of the universe , it 's necessary to repressive , the interlock between between men and women .
That 's the real key .
And we need to establish the prefront factor that before we implement political politics .
According to a song in the Koran " Salam " -- peace -- " is that God is very generous , tolerant . "
And then , from " Behem " is known for the printed of Abraham 's tailors , which has roots with the Arabic language , " which is -- the female shows -- the women 's behavior -- surrounded by the manifest
And because of the solution , it 's all the embryonic are embodimed in its way , the symphony of the nurturing brand of life .
So we 're being taught to say , " tolerance is something about . "
So we 're being taught , " Your tolerance is won . "
For each of us to be remittim tolerance of tolerance .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I spent a little bit like Alice in the Central Laure .
In Penn State requires me , a teacher teaching teachers who teach a new courses for students .
I was scared .
It 's really frightening . She 's afraid of parks , big books , all these strange words .
But when these conversations opened , I was experiencing that the optimism was going to happen , when she falls down to the rabb and she found the door to a new new world .
That 's just what I feel when I 'm talking about students , I was amazed in their ideas , and I wanted to other people who were also going to have the same mental experience .
I believe the key to the door is the ability to communicate .
We can afford to work with the scientists and engineers to change the world .
The scientists and engineers are the people who are confronted with the biggest challenges , from the energy environment and health , and more , if we don 't know and don 't understand that , it 's not going to be done , and I
But these conversations can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't invited us .
The scientists and engineers , let 's get us with us .
I want to share a couple of things to do so that we find the science of seduction , sexually , interestingly .
The first one is : What ?
Why is science related to us .
Don 't just say that you 're looking at the bone , but let 's say you 're looking at the skeletal , it 's sort of like the default , we need to learn to understand how it 's going
When the description of science is careful , let 's think about language .
It 's preventing us to understand his idea .
Absolutely said , " Eatal and morphysal , " but you can 't use " diving and heart . "
And the ideal idea is to not understand not to lower them .
Instead , as you said , like the U.N. saying , it 's just as much as simple , but not simpler .
Well , obviously , you can talk about scientific issues without breaking patterns .
So it 's interested in giving examples , for example , suggesting that it 's a way to engage and get us interestingly what you say .
And when you say , don 't use the first bricks .
Have you ever wondered why they call them " bricks ? "
When the brick came out , and the space was cleaning , killed killers , and they would kill his presentation .
This is a slide like this , not boring , but it 's too much dependent on the areas of the brain , which makes us sick .
Instead , that 's this example of General Teneievene Brown . It shows the causality of the powerful tissue that it really inspires to the unique design of the system .
And the trick here is using simple sentences and civic readers can be able to identify with that if they don 't catch up , and then you can visualize images to help us understand more than the presentations .
I think it 's just a couple of things to help us open the door and see the First of all of science and technology .
My engineers have worked with my teaching me to get rid of things .
Take " scientist " to the " ' " bricks " and " splint " to break " gratification , " which is to share a speech-to-difer explanation with the audience , then with the passion for you , you will
And so there 's the scientists and engineers , when you 're going to do this , by the way , let 's say eight things .
Thank you .
Hi . I 'm Cameron , and I 'm in short time , I 'm a prototype .
In fact .
And I felt that there was a very uncomfortable press in this room right now because I should not wear this race .
Thankfully , I 've got a different scheme .
This is the first time that the people on the stage of TED , so I thought you 're very lucky to see this .
If a woman feels like fear when I come out , you don 't have to tell me right now , but then I 'll go through Twitter .
I realized I was very lucky to change what you think about me in 10 seconds .
No one has an opportunity to do this .
And he 's very uncomfortable , and I don 't define them .
The worst part is that these landscapes are pointing at the top , because you 're laughing , so don 't do anything on it .
All right .
Why did I do that ?
It 's an oddity .
Actually , hopefully , it 's not a strange thing like this .
There 's a huge power , but it 's also creatively .
I 've just absolutely changed absolutely what you think about me in six seconds .
And in this image , actually , I didn 't have a boy in my life .
And I felt very uncomfortable at this point , and photography was told me that I was going to put his back and put his hands on his hair .
And of course , exception surgery , or the lump of trophisculosis that I have two days ago to take pictures , there 's a little bit of things that we can do to change our appearance , and look out of
So today , with me , fearless of all means .
And I stood on stage because I was a prototype .
I stand on this stage because I 'm beautiful , a white woman , and in the background , we call it a girl seduction .
And I 'm going to answer the questions that people still ask me , but with truth .
The first is , how do I become the prototype ?
And I always always say , " Oh , I 'm discovering , but it doesn 't mean anything .
I actually became my model because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the person who 's been able to be able to find , and maybe you 're wondering what it is .
In the last decades , we 've already define beauty is not just as healthy and kids and the weight that we 're biological programmers , which are the height , and circles and circles and white .
This is the legacy of being built for me and it 's a legacy I made money on it .
I know that some of you may have this skeptical question , and maybe some of these beautiful models are beautiful , like , Wait . Naoma . Jra Sm Smalls . Live Smen . "
I want to complimite understand what you are .
But unfortunately , I 've got to tell you about 2007 , a Ph.D. student , in the University of New York , statistic in the University of New York , statistic on the floor , and in 677 people who are
And the next question that people ask me is , " You can become a model when you grow ? "
And the first answer is , " You don 't know , you don 't know .
But the next answer that I really wanted to say to these girls , " Why ? "
You know ? You can become anyone .
You can become president of the United States , or the generator of the next chapter , or a cardiologist , the surgeon 's cardiologist , it 's going to be great , because you 're going to be the first
If , after an interesting list , you still say , " No , no , noon , I want to be a model , " I 'm going to say , " Do your manager . "
Because she didn 't have any power , you could be the editor of the Cogue in the United States or the CEO of the & amp ; M , or Steven Meisel .
Talk to say that you wanted to be a prototype when I was growing up as much as if I wanted to get ticket when she was growing up .
It 's out of its control , and it 's amazing , but it 's not an industrial path .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you -- with 10 years of experience I 've accumulered when I 'm making a model , because it 's not like the cardiac surgeon , so it takes a short time .
If the photographer 's over here , there 's a beautiful future , and when the customer says : " Cameron says , " Camer says we 'd like to take a picture of the moving step , " and the legs ,
It 's like this .
And hopefully , it 's less than less than the one in the middle .
I don 't know what happens at the time .
It 's pretty scary after you 're wondering , you write the LHumé and you have a couple of things , you can 't say anything else , because if you talk to be the president of the United States , but you can
And then the next question we 're always asked to me : " Is it all the right buttons ? "
That , it 's almost all the photographs that are edited , but that 's just a small one of what 's happening .
This is one of the first pictures that I used to photograph , and I first took a shower , and I hadn 't even cycles .
I know that we 're looking at the humus , but I am a little girl .
This looks like me , my grandmother 's side to a few months .
This is me one day of photography .
My friend 's mine .
This is me a day in a couple of days before I photographed the Vogue French .
This is me with the football football team .
And this is me .
I hope that you see -- the images that are not my image .
These are images made up , and it 's built by a team of experts , barbershops , experts , who are creators and all sorts of their people , the manufacturing of manufacturing , and they create this . That 's not me
And the next question I got many people ask is , " What are you free ? "
I 've got a lot of my heterose 20-centimeter I 'm never going to , ever since , but it 's the exception , but the things that I 've been doing is what I 've been in real
I grew up at Cambridge , and I tried to go to the store , and I was raised with money and they gave me a free-hand .
When I was a teenager , I was sitting in a car , and she was a very driving driver , and she was able to red , and all of what I 'd done is saying , " I 'm sorry , and we can go
And I 've got those things that 's due to my identity , not because I am there and people who are willing to spend a lot of money on their appearance than not .
I lived in New York , and last year , in 140,000 teenagers and had been scrovered , there was 86 percent black people and Latinos , mostly of teenagers .
In New York , there 's 177,000 black people and Latinos , so for them , the question isn 't , " Did I get caught ? "
She 's what I 'm going to do ? "
When I was preparing for this talk , I discovered that 53 percent of the 13-year-old boys in America didn 't love his body , and this number up to 78 percent when they were 17 years old .
And the final question that people ask me is , " What is it possible ? "
I think what they want to hear is , " If you thin a little bit , and your hair is more engaged , you 're very happy and joy . "
And when we were behind the chicken , we gave the answer to the same answer .
" It was great to travel , and work with creative people and enthusiasm . "
And that 's the truth , but it 's just about half , because we 're never talking about the lens , which I never mention in front of the glass , which is me .
I 'm sorry because I have to think about my image every day .
And then you can ask yourself , " If your thighs and your cousin ' sings , will I be happier ? "
You just have a meeting with a group of people , because they have the furnies , the greatest hotel , and the most beautiful gear , and they can be the poorest women on the planet .
When I wrote this statement , I felt very hard to find the balance , because the one , I felt very uncomfortable to say , " I 've got all these things because I 'm being wired for , and it feels really hard to follow with
But mostly the truth is that it 's very difficult to dismiss off a gender of gender and ethnicity while I 'm one of the most impressive .
But I 'm also happy and honored over here , I think it 's been lucky , I 've arrived at 10 , 20 or 30 years , and I used to work with my companies in my career , because I can 't tell
If there 's a little tackling in this talk , I hope that it 's all we 're feeling more comfortable than acknowledging the power of our image of success and fails .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help us improve our lives .
We 're not going to touch each of them , so there 's so many of the things that are never known , even though we share public spaces .
So over the past few years , I 'm trying to share a lot more of my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paperwork and paper .
And these project came from questions to me , like , my neighbor had to pay for them ?
How do we allow borrowing and borrow a lot more than you don 't look at your house at the time ?
How are we going to share more than our memories of the abandoned buildings , and we get better understanding what we do ?
And how we 're going to share more of our hope for the grid of cars , as our communities can reflect our need and our dream ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in New Orleans .
My mind was always represented by the oven-gakus trees , covering theaters , lobbyists and theaters of hundreds of years , and I believed in the city that were always for the music .
And I felt like anybody was laughing , New Orleans had a whole march .
The city has some of the most beautiful structural structures in the world , but it also has a certain amount of value in the United States .
I live near this house , and I think I can make it a beautiful place for my neighborhood , and I think about something that has changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost my loved ones .
Her name was Joan , and she was a mother to me , and her death was a surprise and not .
And I thought about death so much , and that made me feel deeply appreciated for the time I had , and brought back to the meaning of my life .
But I struggled to keep this in perspective .
I felt so easy to grasp the day day , and forget about what was really meaningful to you .
So with the help of the old friends , and I 'm moving on this wilder building into a giant table , and it 's going to a wide-pluspacket — " Before I die , I wanted to ... " let
I don 't know what to look at this trial , but in the next day , the walls have absolutely been closed , and it continued to grow .
And I want to share some of what people write on that wall .
" Before I die , I want to try to robbery . "
" Before I died , I wanted to be on my foot on the International Waster . "
" Before I die , I wanted to sing for millions of people . "
" Before I died , I wanted to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live outside the box . "
" Before I died , I wanted to get her once again . "
I said , " Before I die , I wanted to be somebody 's mouth . "
" Before I died , I wanted to finish myself . "
So the spaces of this bread has become an artificial space , and the hope and the dreams of people who made me laughed , tears , and they comfort me during my time .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone .
It 's about understanding the people around us and new ways .
It 's about creating a space for reflecting and contemplation , and remember that what 's really meaningful to us when we grow and change .
I made this last year last year , and I started receiving hundreds of letters from people who wanted to make a wall in their community , so the people accepted the center and I made a tool , and now that the routers were being done in
Together , we 've indicged our spaces how powerful power can be , if we 're given to chance to have a speech and shared a lot more .
The most important thing we have to be time and relations with others .
In the age of growth in our disposal , it 's more important than to find ways to keep the perspective and remember that life is short and soft .
The death is something that we don 't usually encouraged to talk about or even think , but I 've already realized that prepared for death is one of the most powerful things you can do .
Think about your deathbed .
Our spaces are able to better reflect reflect on what happens to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fears and narratives , who around us not only can help us do better places , they can help us lead
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I do the math and this is a very different issue for anybody who 's going to work , and we 're like a consultancy .
Nobody knows what we 're doing .
So I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Well , dance is one of the human behaviors .
We love our professions about 3 Lars and DVD typs .
The three-letception requires a special level of specialization and highly functional level and adaptivity with this one that is relevant to genetic genetic .
It 's sad , psychotic hallucinations like Parkinson 's disease to destroy this particular disease , like that 's going to give me a friend of Strripling , who has a Ph.D.
In the last year , there was tremendous progress in the treatment process .
However , 6.3 million people on the entire disease , and they have to live in a dilemosis , shaking shaking , and so on the other hand , the symptoms with this disease . What we need is the tools to have
We need to measure the growth of a very objective way , and ultimately , the only way we know when we actually have a treatment , where we have a proper approach to answer certainty .
But sadly , with Parkinson 's disease and other disorders , they don 't have a biological footprint , so there 's no bloody bleeding technique that you can do , and the best we 've got is this epis
You need to go to the hospital to do it . It 's very , very , very effective , that means that it 's out there in clinical trials , it 's never done .
But if if the patient can do this test at home ?
That 's going to be a little trip to the clinic , and if the patient can be done to test , again ?
It 's not for the Olympics of the employees .
It 's just about 300 dollars , but to do this in the medical clinic .
So what I 'd like to propose for you is a traditional non-lavored way of being able to achieve this , as you can see , at least some direction , we 're all like these things like Jan Stripling
Here we have a video of the shattering .
This is sustained , and someone is saying , and we can watch ourselves as the three-letter dancers , because we have to incorporate all of the agencies that produce the sound , and we all have the genes to do that
It 's like apton that need to be trained in particular .
I mean , it 's a long time trying to get a child .
From the sound , we can actually track the spotlight of vibrations , when they 're affected by Parkinson 's , the body agencies are .
So in the lower graph , you can see an example of the trance of the wheel .
We see all the symptoms .
We see noise , and depression and solid .
The speech is more concerned and a lot more windy after a time , and that 's one of the symptoms .
These effects can be really hard to happen , in some cases , but with any digital micrographlet , and we use software-to-So-and-the-Soware theory , which is advanced , we can quantify the
So how do these trials are based on this voice compared to a clinical trial ? The two is not intertwined .
The experiment of economics is not insurring . They 're using the existing facilities .
You don 't have to design a whole new operating system of this exercise .
And both of them are correctly , but the solution is that it 's based on a non-monte basis .
That means that it can be done .
Pretty fast , only about 30 seconds .
The lower cost , and we all know what happens .
When something became extremely cheap , it would be very popular .
So , this is some of the wonderful things that I think we can do now .
We can lower the need for the patients .
You don 't have to go to clinic .
We can actually look at observations at the high frequency to have data .
We can do this employment with a low cost to perform clinical trials , the default on the scale of the population is possible .
We have a chance to start looking for the precilingation of the disease before it 's too late .
So , to perform the first step towards us , we 're making a way to start with Parkinson 's .
With Saulabi and Pat Patent PLee , we 're aiming to record the voice with a large number of large numbers to collect data and start four four goals .
We 're locally accessible by three parts of a billion people on planet .
Anybody who 's healthy , or Parkinson 's disease can call a cheap price , and to record soundscapes , but every day , and I 'm really pleased to announce that we 've achieved six percent of eight hours .
Thank you .
Tom Roy : So Max , by sampling all of these samples for 10,000 people , you can tell people who are healthy ?
What are you going to conclude from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah . So what 's going to happen is that , when you call you sick or not .
You see , some people may not do that . Maybe they won 't call it .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of data that collects from all these different situations , and the result in the emerging field is that it 's important for years , because then we look at the underlying causes , and find the actual
So at the exact percentage of the x-60 percent ?
More than that .
In fact , my student Joanasis , I got to praise him , because he made some fantastic tasks , he proved that it could be done in the mobile phone cell , that allows this project to be done , and the correctly
Nine-sight . Yeah .
So what that means is that people will probably -- people can call their cellphones and do this test , and people who can Parkinson 's disease , called their voice voice , and then the doctors can examine their growth , they consider their health
Exactly .
Thank you very much . Haniti Pittles .
Thank you , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is the South Central area : the wires , the fast food , the wilder .
So planners are cities together , and they 're going to change the South Central , so it 's going to make it meanings . So they changed the Lombai Leses , like that 's going to solve problems that are
This is South L.A.
Cows store , the fast food , the wild .
Just like 26 and a half million Americans in America , I live in a Cungarian , in South Central L.A. , the house of Chicago cooking on the road and the murder and running .
The interesting thing is that the food sugar quickly is to kill a lot more people than ever killed .
In South Central L.A. , people are dying of healing diseases .
For example , obesity rate in the regions I 'm at the time compared to Beverly Hills , for 16 kilometers .
I 'm tired to see this .
And I wondered , how do you feel that there 's no healthy food , when every time comes out of your door to see the bad effects that the food system is available to where you live ?
I saw the wheelchair being sold as much as the same way .
I saw the rise of airborns grow up like Starbucks .
And I realized that it had to stop .
I realized that 's the solution .
It 's food and food is also solutions .
And I 'm feeling tired of having to drive a 45-minute swim to buy an apple that doesn 't seem to exclusively .
What I did was a plant was in the house .
It 's on a boat that we call the pathway .
It 's more than three feet long .
The problem is , that land is about the city .
But you have to look at it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want , because that 's my responsibility and I have to look at it . "
And this is how I 'm looking at that land .
I 'm with my crew , the Green C.A. , we gather together and start growing vegetable food : food plants , you know , nine fruit plants .
We 're a group of people who are working together , including gardensers from many different lives , from all of the city , and they 're total , and everything we do .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
Then there was complaining .
And the city came to me , and I was sort of gave me a writer , which I had to break down the garden . It was the back of the court .
And I was like , " Come on , " Really ? "
A humpuminating fruit for soil trees on the ground that people don 't care about ? "
And I said , " All right . "
Because this time hasn 't .
And then the L.A. was credible , Steve Lopz , wrote a paper about it , and the table with his commute commission , and one of the subjects members of the Greenland was sending a petition on Change
We had a win in the hands .
The Security Conference , even calling it and say that they spread and enjoy what we 're doing .
I mean , okay ?
L.A. U.A. led the United States on the area of ownership .
They owned 425-tirds .
That 's the equivalent to 20-year-olds .
enough to grow 725 million tomatoes .
How can they not agree ?
It 's a tree that gives you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
And when the green is there 's a dollar going to give you the same generation of products for about 75 dollars .
That 's my faith , when I tell people , let 's grow me .
Public food for us .
I have a legacy in the South Central .
I grew up there . I raised my son there .
And I refused to make a part of this reality , which was created for me by some other people , and I was trying to create reality .
I 'm an artist .
My garden is my art . I 'm making my work .
Just like a Ph.D. , the other person for the walls , I 'm coloring the lawns of the lawns .
I used gardens , like land , like a cloth , and the plant and the crops and the crops is what I color for that .
You 're going to tell you what the land can do if you turn them into the fabric .
You can 't imagine how the sun is how they affect it .
So what happened ?
I witnessed my garden as an educational tool , a tool for transformation of my life .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the soil .
We are soil .
You 're surprised to see how the kids are affected .
The garden is the most effective thing and the challenge that you can do , especially in the form .
With that , you 're going to catch the bears .
I remember once , there was a mother and the daughter , at the time , was about 10 : 30 night and they were in my garden , and I went out and they were very ashamed .
I thought , well , I was very bad because they were there , and I told them , two people know , don 't need to do it .
This garden is on the road .
I feel ashamed to look at me , and I 'm still hungry . And that 's just as much more important for me to do this . Everyone says me , " Fin , you don 't fear you 're going to steal
I said , " Of course , I don 't afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're on the road .
The whole idea is that .
I want them to take them , but at the same time , I want to have my health . "
Another time I was gardened at a homeless shelter in the Los Angeles .
There are men like me , they help me rap from the truckload .
It 's not very happy , and they share the stories about the garden that they affect them , and they used to plant their mothers , with her previous village , and it 's amazing to see this idea that has changed them , even in that
So the blue flowers have continued to grow about 20 garden .
We 've got about 50 people to work , because it 's all of them .
If the kids grow , they 're going to eat the course .
If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
But if you don 't show them , if they don 't see the effects of food on their brains and bodies , they 're blind , they 're going to eat whatever they 're located .
And I saw young people who wanted to work , but they 're having a little bit of interest , and I saw the magnificent babies and they 're just going to follow the road that 's destructed .
With gardening , I saw a chance that we could guide the children for their community , and there was a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows what ?
Maybe we 're going to be able to create the next Carline of the next day .
But if we don 't change the part of the soil , we never do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I wanted to do .
I wanted to grow a garden that everybody can share with food .
I want to take the same-to-peer recipe and make them a coffeehouse .
Don 't get me wrong .
I don 't talk about free , free .
The interesting thing about sustainability , is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about traditions for people , and drag them out of the street , and gives them a joy , the joy and joy for themselves as food for themselves , to feed farmers .
What I 'd like to do here , we 're going to do it .
I 'd like all of us to become a green grer , the cylical garden .
We 're going to change the concept of gloves .
If you don 't have a garden , you 're not a gloves .
How do you gloax with your shovel ?
And let 's turn it into the universe .
Basically , if you want to see me , you know , if you want to go , don 't call me if you want to sit on the benches and join the meeting where you talk about doing this , where you talk about doing this
If you want to see me , come out with your edge and you 'll grow something .
Hi . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in the southern office of Nairobi .
And behind me was my father 's swows of my father , and behind the cow , the National Park Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi 's not fifleged in the southern area in the south area , which means that wild animals like horsebacks out of free park .
And so the animals are eaten by lions , and here 's what that lions do .
They kill us .
This is one of the cows that were killed in the dark , and when I woke up in the morning I found it died , and I was feeling sadly , because that 's the only one of the oldest male that we have .
My community , the Maasai , believes that we come from paradise with all of our children and all of the land to pull them , which is why we 're very careful .
So I grew up with the lyrics .
The Mastersares protect us , and the livestock , we 're concerned about this issue .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the lions lions have killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is the reason that lions in Nairobi is very little .
Every son of six to nine to nine years old , in my community , embraced my bull 's mouth , and I have to do the same thing .
So I have to figure out how to address this problem .
The first idea that I was was used to use , because I think the rockets .
But then I realized that fire doesn 't really work , because it 's even helped to see the cow .
But I didn 't quit . I continued thinking .
And my second idea is to use a compensate .
I tried to trick these lions [ unclear ] , I was standing close to the cow .
But very cleverly .
And they went to the first day and saw the slow , and then they came back , but the second day , they came and said , this didn 't work , it always was there .
And then you can go back and kill the animals .
So in a night , I holding a tinching down around the bullw , surrounded the day , the lions didn 't go .
I discovered that the linking of light was moving .
So I had an idea .
Since then , I was working in my office every day , and I hadn 't opened my new carrot , and she was almost killed me , but I was studying a lot of electricity about .
So I took a battery of soup , I was able to take a kilosette motorcycle . It 's a small jetry box . It 's a small device that 's found in the motorcycle and it helped motor
And I got a switch to switch off and I switched lights .
And that 's a small lightbulb .
And I set up everything .
As you can see , the solar car used to grab the battery , and the battery is the energy supply of energy , I call it the transformation .
And the cardboard box can make light light .
As you can see , the light bulbs are outside , because that 's the trend .
And that 's how the lighting reflects on when they arrived at night .
The bullet lights turned off and knocked back for them thought that I was walking around the bullw , but I was sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
I installed it in my two years ago , since that , we didn 't have any problem with lions .
The family households heard about this idea .
One of them is this lady .
She had a lot of cattle that had been killed , and she asked me if I could help her electronic power .
I said , " Yeah . "
So I installed the lightbulbs , and you can see behind them , they 're the lights .
So far , I 've helped to feed my family in my community , and they work well .
Now my idea has been used in Kenya to avoid the other animals eat , like hyenas , and it 's used to prevent the police of the farmers .
By the way of this invention , I was privileged to get a scholarship at one of the best schools in Kenya , the International Broohouse , and I was very excited about this .
My new school is beginning to help by raising awareness and raise awareness .
And I 've made my friends about my community , and we set up a light bulb for the family of the family who 's access to it and I teach them how to build them .
One year ago , I was just a little boy in the middlewoodie for my father , I used to saw flying airplanes , and I told myself that one day , I was going to be sitting inside it .
And I am here today .
I had a chance to come up with this flying airplane for TED .
My biggest dream is to become a brilliant and brilliant technique .
I 've been hated lions , but now because my invention is saving the smell of lions and lions , we can be able to live with lions .
So by the words , I mean , thank you very much .
I don 't know if you hear your story .
So you have this scholarship . Yeah .
I 'm doing the invention of others .
Next next in your book ?
The next day , I wanted to make a fence of power .
I knew that the bockets were already invented , but she wanted to do my own .
She tried , and it 's not , and I 'm just trying to say , but you 've stopped stopping .
Richard River , I 'm very different .
We 're going to be able to do it on the road , you 're small .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I did , and what I did -- my life -- this was the photo of the seven years of African working in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 -- looked for me -- not -- -- I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ignory Coast , Algeria , Somalia , in the projects of technical engineering .
I worked for the NGOs of Italy , and each of the project we launched in Africa .
I was thrilled .
At the 21st-year-old , I thought , the Italian people , and we 're working in Africa .
But instead , we kill everything we touched .
The first project , what was inspired to my first book , " Ollipants from Zambzi , " which is a project where people decided to teach the Zambia food .
So we 're in southern Zambia with the same particles in the United States in the beautiful landscape of the beautiful landscape of the Zowerbzzi , and we taught people to make the tomato sauce , and Godaly .
Of course , these people are not interested in doing this , so we paid them for them , and sometimes they 're working .
We 're really surprised about the locations , in this sort of hyley Valley , like no idea .
But instead of asking people not to do anything , we simply say , " Thank you very much .
She stayed sooner to save Afghanistan Zambia . "
And of course , everything in Africa has grown very well .
We have these incredible tomato sauce . Italy , it 's a big tomato sauce . In Zambia , it 's this size .
It 's incredible , and we 're talking to the Zambian , " saving people can see it . "
When the tomatoes began , and nine , and there was a red , only about 200 steel junkey underneath the river and clean it .
We talked to the Zambia , " Oh my God , the codoor ! "
And the people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow anything . "
" Why why people don 't tell us what ? " " Have you ever been . "
I thought it 's okay to say that each one of the Italy , I mean , it 's very effective in Africa , but after I look at what the Americans are doing , the people who are doing , and after seeing what they do
Because , you see , it 's just a little bit of us , we 're also eating the streets .
You should look at something crap -- you should look at the crap that we 've given to the Africans don 't expect to have a fortune .
You want to read the book , read " The Trust Academy , " write by Dambais Moyo , who is an economic woman in Zambia .
The book was invented in 2009 .
We , the U.S. aid agencies have brought Africa to the southern Africa of the United States in the last 50 years .
I won 't tell you what damage it has .
Look at her book .
Reading it from an African woman , the damage we 've made .
The Westerners are like people who are empowered , nation-born , and we only have two ways to treat people , or patience , or conservation .
Two words from the Latin word " pound , " means " to make fathers . "
They make two different things .
Incention , I 'm treating people from the culture as they are my children . " I love them . "
Prons , I treat people from other culture .
That 's why white people in Africa is called " Tana , " he .
I was forced to read in the reading reading the book , " but it was beautiful , " write by Schumacher , saying , above all of all , in the economic development , if other people don 't need to help , let them
This is the first principal rule of aid .
The first principle of aid is respected .
This morning , this guy is a place to put a block on the house , and he said , " Could we be -- the one of the city that 's not a new colonial ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to just respond to people , and I created a system called Enterprator Fallil Footman , where you wouldn 't start to leave anything that you never impress people , but
So what do you do -- it 's like the mouth .
Don 't bring a community with the ideas that you 're sitting with the human .
We didn 't work from office .
We 're meeting in coffee .
We didn 't have any infrastructure .
And what we do is you become the friends , and figure out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is .
You can give someone an idea .
If people don 't want to do it .
The desire of women who has for the rise of the self is the most important .
The desire for the world 's desire for the growth of the individual is the most important .
And so we helped them work out of research , because nobody in the world can be a success .
The person has the idea that there 's no idea that there 's no idea , but the understanding of the right .
So many years ago , I had this idea : Why not we , once , for a community , and to tell people who they should do , why we don 't , listen , they don 't listen , but not in the public meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem in public meetings .
Those entrepreneurs never happen , and they don 't tell you , in the community gathering , what they want to do with their money , the chance that they find out .
So there 's a kind of planning .
The most people in the community you don 't know because they don 't go to public meetings .
What we do is doing a single-in-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-in--lice , to make that , you have to create a society that doesn 't exist .
You have to create a new novel .
A new artist like a family family for the family , the family 's family service to eat , people sitting with you in your house , at the kitchen table , in the cafes , and help you find out your resources to make your ambition
I started as a trial in the Estance , Western Australia .
I 'm doing a Ph.D. at the time , trying to avoid far from the kind of encouragement of that kind of thinking that 's coming and to tell you what to do .
So what I did in the United States was Euancece was just in the middle of the road , and in three days I had the first cloned of the house , and I was going to put a smacket in my garage
And I helped these people to know how to work together and sold this illegal approach , not to mention the box at the U.S. with the cost of 60 kilograms , but we find ways to sell them to Japan to do with the
In a year , I had a couple of projects and the government of my government came to find me , " How did you do that ?
How do you do it ? " And I said , " I did something very hard .
I was in my mouth , and listening to them . "
So -- so the government says to me , " Let me go . "
We 've done this 300 around the world .
We helped 40,000 jobs .
There 's a new generation of people who are exhausted by isolation .
Peter Duckucker , one of the greatest mentors of history , died of 96 years old .
Peter Duckucker is a geography professor before the workwork thing to do business , and this is something that Peter Duckucker says , " Hetting isn 't really interested in social and a business economy . "
It 's a kiss to death .
So right now you 're reconstructed that Christchurch without knowing that the most people in Christchurch wants to do with money and their potential .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to speak to you .
You have to give them security , privacy , you have to be inspired by helping them , and they 're going to go , follow the crowds .
With a community of 10,000 people , we can have about 200 banks .
Biln can imagine a 400,000 people who are smart and depressed ?
What 's the most difficult clap ?
The humanoid , the ones who are hungry . It 's the people who are clapping .
So what I 'm talking about is that the business is where it is .
We 're at the last stage of the first industrial revolution -- with all of the fuel and the manufacturing of the manufacturing that we can 't replicate , and the governance , we have unprived systems .
The engine is inherently sustainable .
Capts to store things that are not sustainable .
What we have to look at that is how we nurture it , and treatment , education , travel and communicate for seven billion people in sustainability .
No technology does it .
How would you create technology for the green revolution ? Giving ?
Governments !
That 's the nicks , and they 're doing it right now .
There 's a very happy story that I 've been reading in a magazine magazine .
There was a group of experts invited invited to discuss the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in the 1860 , the people who gather together , and speculate about what happened to the New York City in the next 100 years , and the conclusion was like the following : New York City won 't survive in the next 100 years
Why ? Because they look at the line of the curve on the map , and if you 're growing up with this scale , to move the population of the New York City , they need to need to six million horsebacks , and it '
They 're going to be arrested in the horse .
So in the 1860 , they saw the tin-changing technology , which makes life in the New York City .
So what happened ? In 40 years , at the 1900s , in the United States , there were 1,2001 companies in 19751 .
The idea of looking for a different technology that 's complete on top of all , and there are very small factories in the state .
Dearborn , Menchan .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to give them security .
No , they 're not going to look for you .
Then you have to give them a service service , separate and interests .
And then you have to tell them about businesses .
The smallest company , the largest company , it has to be able to do three wonderful things : the product that you want to sell to you , you have to have an international strategy , and you have to have a perfect governance .
Well , guess what ?
We 've never met a single person in the world , people who can just make it , and selling it money .
That doesn 't exist .
The never has never born .
We did a study , and we looked at a hundred companies on the Carnegiece , West , Gison , Ford , all of new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all companies have succeeded in the world , it 's just a way that 's a company starting with a single person .
Now we taught the business of adolescents at the age of 16 in Northumberland , we started grade class by giving them first two of the first half of the Richard Jranson , and work for those ages 16-year-old
It 's never a word , " I , " and we 're calling 32,000 .
He didn 't start alone .
She 's started a company . No one .
So we can create a community where there are people who are supporting the experience of a small business model of sitting in the cafes , barana , and all of you who are friends who are going to make you some people who made them talk
What can you do ? You know ?
OK , you can sell it ? You can manage ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do it . " Do you want to find somebody else for you ? "
We activate them .
We have a team of help volunteers for help Enterprise Fueilator they helped to look for the resources and the human and we discovered that the strangeness from the intelligent hierarchy like something like that , as you can
Thank you .
By March , 2011 , I made the New York Times editor .
We are the green creatures .
The implication of the dark room is the window , and we 're generally avoiding sunlight .
We made people to thinner , better leather , that could not be possible , and we 're always able to have a lot of criticism , but we also have these brilliant artists in many of these experiences and understand that it 's really about
In October 2011 , was watching the situation in the world , I saw the tragic incident happening in Japan .
Then , my volunteer volunteer joined me in All Hand Volteen , in the last couple days-old to the police attempt to work .
I , by hundreds of comments , couldn 't just sit at home , so I decided to join them with three weeks .
On May of May , I was looking at the town of Spunato .
It 's a small village of Qaithmi , with people who live about 50,000 people , one of the first things that are affected by mental tips .
The water is being recorded by 24 meters , and three miles deep in the land .
Presumably , the town has been devastated .
We pulled the fragments from the channel , the beetles .
And clean up the school , sanitation , is willing to innovate and recover .
We clean up the ton of tons of fish , and we 'll go from the local factory of the fish .
We 're pissed , but everybody is fun .
Within weeks , volunteer and staff are searching for something .
They 're looking for pictures and images and visual images and card .
All of it .
They collect it and they talk to defend them around the landscape .
It wasn 't about that time that I realized that these images were actually a very serious part of the people .
And when you run out of the waves , to keep the charge , they left everything , all of them were left behind .
At the end of the first week there , I went to help a triphift in the town .
I helped clean water into hot water public space .
It 's also a place where the destructor is collecting photography .
This is the people who are communicating them , and I 've got a great honor , because they trust me allows me to help clean clean pictures .
In fact , it 's improvising and thrive . I used to hear a little bit of dissonance , but only if I actually experience it .
When I look at pictures , some of them are more than a hundred years old , some of the still remain in the envelope room in my office . I thought , was a modacious editor that I could edit my torn
So I 'm going to go on Facebook and ask a couple of people , and I get a lot of positive feedback , I know , to work .
We started to repair these photographs .
This is the first one .
It 's not severely damage , but it 's hybridized to make her face , she has to be fixed with accurate and accuracy .
If not , the girl in the picture will not look like anymore , and certainly certainly badly .
Over time , very , very , many images are girmed , and it takes more than people who edits , so , again , I was on Facebook and Linked DIn , and in the course of the five days , I
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , to July Sea , we opened up to the neighboring Rikuzors , and we went to the north to Northern Canada .
And every single week , we installed our scanners in the library of the temporary prevationation , where people get to come back to their photographs .
The women 's women are not seeing the scanner , but after 10 minutes , looking for me , to take us to scanners , uploading a cloud of cloud , to download down by a barjudin , a stranger , somewhere
Time spent time to restore depression is a completely different story , and obviously obviously depends on the very ugly level .
You can take a single hour . Maybe it 's missing .
It may take months of months .
And the needle in this picture is almost like to be rendered by hand , or grabbing , from colored colors and details .
It takes time .
Now , all of these images have been damaged , damaged in the saltwater , covered in microbes , in the water , in the course of the oil , for a time of time , so they 're going to continue to kill more noise
We can 't editable if it doesn 't clean clean and dryment .
We 've been lucky with wiping the shake .
There 's a beautiful woman who has led to us .
It 's very easy to get some damage to these images .
My own kid Wantne used to say : It 's like somebody else .
You don 't have a chance .
The woman gave us pictures that were lucky , when they could get that .
She 's clean clean them up and stop it till I 'm making a lot more damage .
She has a copy of the image .
Otherwise , the husbands and your face , will never be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put them together in a different image , and do the whole image .
When I got back to pictures from us , she shared a little bit of our story .
These pictures of the husband 's father found that there was a trajectory of the trajectory department , between the cracked of the long distance from where there was injustice , and they recognize him .
And the day of the tanunami , he was responsible for a sharp knife .
He had to go back to the water when the ricketts broke up .
Two little boys , this is no longer , two children 's children are in school , two different schools .
One is trapped in the water .
It 's just a week , she finds them out and find that they all survived .
The day I brought back to her was a day of the children 's day .
And for her , after all of these , these photographs are perfecting for him , something that it can look back , to remember the past , has never been inspired by the same day in the third of the day , when the entire life is being
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers who joined the Lebanand , in the hundreds of people who were cleaned cleaners 135,000 pictures , the majority — — most of the photographs that came back to his theme , this is
Over the world 's 100,000 volunteers have paid for more than 90 percent of the family , hundreds of photos have completely restoration and repair .
In this time , we 're not over a thousand dollars for the equipment and the material , most of the costing ink .
We take a continuous capture .
Every single talk about someone or something , a place , a tiece .
They 're the ones holding the memory and our story , is the last thing we 're finally concerned about , and the first thing we go back to find .
That 's the meaning of this entire project , all the little pieces of humanity , bringing back to somebody else .
When a picture like this is made , it will create a huge shift in the lives of people .
The project has made a big difference in the lives of the people .
And with some people , they 're connected with something big , for something , using their own purposes for something rather than the cylical brewers and the skin .
I wanted to read an email to end this talk . This email from Cindy , who was an editorial , sending me my day back after Japan after six months .
" When I work , I can 't help to think about each individual and the stories that have in images .
There 's a photo , photographing pictures of the women in the house , from the age to young children , and circling around my father , has been paralyzed for me , and I have a similar picture , and my grandmother , my
That 's the globe , which is , at our time , our basic need is equal , right ? "
Thank you .
I 'm at nearly 50 feet under a very illegal state in Ghana .
No air vacation , and a very difficult breath .
I can feel that collision from the body of the bowl sweats through the dark , but couldn 't see anything .
I heard the voice , but it 's almost like a chucking of the sound of the noise and the crackwater batched by the raw tools .
Like every single , I wear a cheap , a liquid-hand car , which is attached to the very old ring , and I can barely look at the dulls that are holding the walls of the micrinder of carbon dioxide down to the
When I skip my hand , I remember recurrenting the minerals for a few days before he had lost his father 's fall .
When I talk to you today , these people are still in deep hole in the hole , the risk of life without having a paychend , and usually die .
I 'm climbed out of that hole , and they 're home , but they may never be home , because they 're in slaves .
Over the last 28 years , I gather collections of the local culture in over 70 countries on six continents , and 2009 I had a great honor to become the only exhibition of the Federal Museum of Vancouver in Vanc
Of some amazing people I saw there , I met an advocate for the World Trade campaign , a member of the NOLA Security of ancient killings .
We started talking about slaves , and actually , I began to look at the slaves because I knew certain that exists in the world , but it 's not there .
After the talk , I saw terrible horence and shamefulness of fear of my life , and I thought , if I didn 't know , how many people won 't know ?
It 's starting to carpoline , so a few weeks later , I flew to L.A. to meet the Proplus and the proposal .
And then from the beginning of the Olympic world .
The strange is that I visited this part of these places .
Some places I look like my house .
But over this time , I wanted to see the truth was being covered .
A conservative premise , we knew that more than the 27 million people were slaughtered slavery in the world today .
That 's the number of people who are lifted out of Africa during the course of the slavery-be slavery .
150 years ago , a 100,000 years of rented the entire year of America .
That 's equal to 50,000 dollars of America today .
But today , the generations of the world has been slaughtered through multiple generations of debt than $ 18 .
It 's amazing , the slavery of slavery creates a profit over 13 billion dollars worldwide .
A lot of people were fooled by the promising scholarship , better work , only to see herself being arrested in the violence , and couldn 't escape .
This is the case for commercial trade , and the people who have created a value , but the creator they 're seen like garbage .
The slavery is almost anywhere in the world , though it 's illegal everywhere .
In India and Nepal , I was offered to a brick .
This strange landscapes like this in the world of Egyptian or Latinon .
There 's been a little bit of temperature above 54 degrees Celsius , men , women , children , family , families in their scars carrot , like the plane , circled them up to 18 times every time , and bring them
It 's rounded by noise and exhausting , they 're quietly about 16 and 17 hours per day .
There 's no food , algae to eat , because it 's a loss of water , so they 're going to get a normal generation .
And it goes , and it goes around , so that my camera is hot , and I can 't touch the button .
20 minutes , I had to go back to the car to get the equipment and get them under the heat of recovery , and when I sat there , I thought , my camera was much better treatments than people .
And back to the brick , I just wanted to cry , but the followers of the slimer of the slamped quickly takes me and I said , " Lisa , don 't do . "
And he explained to me that was emotional in this place , not to me , but with them .
I couldn 't directly for them .
I don 't give them money .
I didn 't have that .
I can put them in a worse situation .
I had to rely on a repetter Foundation to work in the system to release them , and I believe they can .
For me , to wait to the housing to feel the pain .
In the Himal Hasimas , I saw children holding a lot of miles across the mountainside down in the middle of nowhere .
The big ones are larger than their children , their kids lift their heads on top of the wood , the ropes and fabric .
It 's very painful .
How can we create this evil , what happens ?
Some people didn 't even know I was slaughtered slavery , they hadn 't worked 16 , 17 hours a day , and they 're just wondering .
They don 't have to compare .
As this village freaked free , their patents of their houses .
These people don 't exist , they die , they want to invest , but the women in the middle of the middle and call people persistent , and the people who slamps in the marketplace they 're able to get contract their own
We used to think about slavery-fitted trafficking when you hear from " slaves , " because of this generalization , I 've seen it very difficult to do safe in this particular industry .
At Kath Tandu , I was raised by the women who have sex .
They sent me down to the top of the basement .
It 's not a cabinet .
It 's like a restaurant .
The biologists , like to be known in the field , is the repairability .
Every single area where there 's a small room , where the slaves , women , brothers and sisters , a seven-year-old children , are being rescued for pedestrian , and they can buy wine and food .
All bedrooms are dirty and dark , by receiving by the number of paint painted by the mesh and the curtain .
It 's a person who 's used to undergo-basked sexual abuse .
At the darkest corner , I remember feeling that naughty , and that moment , I was wondering why I was in prison .
There 's just one way : a staircase that comes from .
No change .
There 's no windows .
These people don 't have any choice , when we talk about this difficult topic , it 's going to remember that slaves , including the slaves of the sexual activity , and that 's where we live .
There are tens of thousands of people who have been slavery in agriculture , in the restaurant , in the restaurant , and I 'm a long list .
Recently , the New York Times report that it took 100,000 to 300,000 U.S.
It 's around us . We just don 't see it .
The textile industry also used to think about the author of slavery .
I went to many villages in India , where many of my family was slavery in the NBet .
This is portrait family .
And the black hand is black and the dad , the blue hand and the redes are his son .
They delected the dye in the big bottlenecks , and we dangle silently with the elbury , which was dome .
The translator of mine .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But still hope that can get away from this house and walking around where we 're paid in the fabric .
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children who are slavery in Voltaa , the largest importer of the world .
When I first came , I went through a walk .
I find the same as a family of fish on the boat , two boys , some smaller , seem to seem logical ?
No , they 're all slaves .
Kids are going to get out of the family , and selling their jobs , and they 're forced to break down on these boats on this slide , they don 't know .
This child eight .
She trembled my boat when I was near the sailing by the sailing .
And he was terrified to fallen .
The branches were clunged into the Voltaán , and it 's got to hide in the fishing nets , and the children who are tired of fear is thrown down to the border .
A lot of people drowned .
What you remember , he was arrested at the lake .
The fear of the resistance , you don 't dare , and because they 're terrible tortured ; they 're going to go down with smaller slaves that they manage .
And I met these boys at five in the morning , when they 're dragged , they 're working from an hour of light .
In the cold night sky .
It 's important to notice that these net weighs nearly 500 kilosms when they 're fish .
I want to show you Koet with you .
Kimi was rescued from a village .
I met him in the support that the World Trade Foundation was a complete reporter to recovery .
And so here 's the bathrooms , making magnificates in the beginning , and the great news is that , when you and I 'm sitting at this point , Kof has been reunited with the family , and ,
Kimi is the right thing .
How are you going to become a person if you ever stand up and change your life ?
The driving on the road in Ghana , and the colleagues in the liberal Foundation , one of you , you know , you 're committed to the carpothing of the carpitter bush , and you type on the window .
He told us to go on the road to the jungle .
At the end of the road , he urges us to leave the car , and he left the car .
And this is pinpoint blurches and says , " This is a pathway . Go . "
And in that same way , we mapping the wires , and after one hour of walking in the woods , caves drowned in the water after the rainfall , so I set the tagation of my head when we walked
After two hours of seaw , the hidden surroundings are at the beginning of the drum , and in front of us was an area of vastlycks in a football field , they filled with slave .
Many women who leave you on the back of the stake , and they go through the water pollution .
UBS is used in the manufacturing process .
These mines were used to slaughter in caves in a different area of Ghana .
When they got out of their basement , they got sweep through their sweats .
I remember when you look at their eyes , they 're tired of them .
The tunnels to a hundred meters , they put on the heavy plastic bags to channel them to the other area , where the land was cheezed to golden gold .
Look at the moment , the kind of smashed sounds like healthy people , but when you look closer , there 's a lot less lucky to work in the extreme .
They are victims of disease , disease and violence .
In fact , this is the ability that this person will eventually look like this guy , have been trapped and infected with a few years later .
This is Man Muru . When his father died , he was led to the minesis .
And when you lost , Manauans 's debt of debt , and he suffersed slave in this area .
When I met , he was 14 years in the mines , and the wound in the leg that you saw this was from an ambulus in the minus , a foot injury that the doctors had to saw .
On top of Man , Manuru was tuberculosis , but still catch up on the day at the moment .
And yet , he still dreamed himself free to the help of local activism activated like the repressive liberation , and determin this like this on the face of strangers , which makes me overwhelming .
I want to bring out of the light .
And when I work in this field , I brought a lot of candle , with the help of the translator , and I was able to tell people who I was like to photographically I wanted to look at their loved ones , and when they
They knew their pictures will be watched by people outside there .
I want them to know that we 're going to test them , and we can do anything to help them change their lives .
I truly believe , if we 're treating people as individuals , it 's very difficult to drill crime crimes .
The images are not about self-asbalance . They 're about human beings , and you , and all of all equally desires and respect to each other in their lives .
No day I don 't think about these amazing people who are mad . I have a great honor to meet them .
And I hope that the pictures will strike a very powerful source of view , the people who like you , and hopefully the power is going to fire , that fire will shine in the slavery , because that 's the light that 's going
Thank you very much .
