This story hasn 't end .
Let me tell you about some of pieces .
Imagine first : a man who burned his career .
Imagine , as a radicalist in SE , Gree , the truth , his whole life is actually .
Language , through five months you 're calling him up to you , now you 're calling him to Brak him .
She never taught me to leave his life .
My mission was to not be the way through this hopeless , and my lesson was to realize , yes , the history had tried to bleed us , but we had it .
My mother , Mass , 18 years old parents died -- had married , a marriage , which had a little girl , and two young girls .
So after four years , a more denial one over the story , the vessel of a springboard that was a camelpersonal fishing .
If we were arrested , first of my children and me , and she would drink .
We settled at Fredcred , the suburbs for the labor of the population in the population of the population .
It 's a long-backed fishing , because it 's been to six years .
Rosever the reverberation and a voice might say , " I 'll go through all obstacles . "
She opened the computer store and she was training a professor of aesthetic science and open a business business .
We tried to look for aid and donor agencies .
The center was created .
In the world , I struggled in the rounds of the fleeting , which was injured stopped violence , addicted and she was injured .
And for the same time , when I was the senior discipline , I was elected in New York Austral 's University .
I don 't know about the alcohol .
I told my mother .
My mom is my mother 's time since I 'm on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreign was also proned , new , coming out -- represented -- but something we need to thank you , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went to my emotional .
I collect a small team with us , " Noise , " and a non-filling challenge .
On the day , I made a huge bler pot to feed our food .
We have a go .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is that it is in centuries .
She was 17 years old , she became his two-looking wife , he was beating her .
I was bathing a hotel room in Sydney , at her time , and I saw 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the middle of a night , he was a house and he told us that he had to shut his money .
She told us to her her father .
My mother asked me , " Why does my mother warm , but I can 't say ? "
I want to have a baby , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , my mother 's wisdom is here in the fourth fourth or fourth year .
It 's a great honor to me to be here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in prison , after the barley and the prisoners in the prison for people who were executed to the death sentence .
I also spent a long time in the community of people who have low income with the project and the totalitarian projects .
And I came to be encouraged and I listened to this , which was a lot of empowerment for me .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important is really important .
I actually learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family and I was a little-temated , and she was a family of the family .
The three of her mother was a slavery .
She 's hard , but I 'm also tired .
When I was a little girl , every time I looked at her and I got me to go back to me .
She hated me so much my breathing , and then she let me go .
Or or two hours later , if I left her to go and said , " Brank , I still feel like you hug ? "
And if I say , " I 'm going to fight " me " and I said , " I can say , " You can let me alone .
She 's a very careful way that you 're always going to be near .
My mother was a young lady in the house .
At occasion , I went to and I was on the left , but she was hard to have a moment of me to get me to my time .
And I remember , at the age of nine , nine , something like me , I woke up , and I was all the way my cousins and I sat around the room .
At first , I was playing with a game .
And I will never forget .
I will never forget her .
I said , " I can " say " " to me . "
" First she wants to make me promised child . "
" The second thing she wanted to promise would be always true , but it was hard .
I said , " No , no , no . Might people are . You won 't drink a single-tet drop . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . It 's just a little bit of sank . "
I 'm not talking about .
I don 't say , because I think I 'd like to be honest , is morality ; I want to say the human power .
We can make them start doing things they don 't think they can .
My grandfather was in prison for the banned and sold to alcohol .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people were prison .
America has now lower in prison .
And there are 7 million people who are injured or educated .
And three men black men at the ages ages between 18 ages 30 , 30 people have a prison in prison , or they 're being rescued or educated .
Our system is not only to identify with such ways , not only by the racial of distinction that we 're distorted by poor .
Even though we can still feel about this .
The fear and anger , the causes of us believe that this is not the problem and the problem we have to worry about .
But this was led to me .
And there was a very uncomfortable silence .
Many of my lot is very small .
We have a prisoner in the face of children .
We 're actually doing what are the lawsuits .
And the only country in the world do this .
I would like to speak to the murder of the people who were in prison .
But there 's still a different mindset of thinking about where we are in our own humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether whether people have a death or not whether we should kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're back from ourselves .
But for the African African countries , is a terrible time .
They were afraid to bomb .
We 're not stopping .
We 've been hard time to talk about race , because I 'm sure , because we 're not ready to admit the truth and reconcierity .
I had some of the speeches in Germany .
And it was amazing that my journey , and I was a schmucked schedulk , and I said , " I 'm very annoyed to hear what he 's talking about . "
" Noce , there 's no video .
How would you feel what if we live in a world where Germany has made the death sentence , especially if it 's Jewish .
I can 't make it .
In our country , in the South Bventies , we 're still making the same thing that you can get the same TV sentence if you 're victim versus compared to black people , black black and black times if it 's black , who
And so , there 's a way of separation .
Technology , love .
Well , we have a reason , we 're devoted to wisdom .
They 're coming from ideas that are very careful with the heart of the heart .
Vaclav Hunge , a great leader of Sale , said , this .
And what 's just about the table .
And I was going to hear and listen to a few hours , she Parked came to and said , " Well , I mean , I 'm afraid , I think , I think , you think about the equity of justice .
So I started talking about .
When I first came out of her , she looked at me and I said , " Well , yeah . "
I actually think that the TED community needs to be bold .
We need to find ways to address the challenges , the problems and the problem that inequality .
Because ultimately , we all depend on this planet on the planet .
I believe it 's true for everyone on this planet .
I assume that if someone liars , they 're not a lie .
And so , we 're all of the right price of the law of law .
I also believe that in many parts of the country , and of course , many of the world , the paradox of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that even though it 's very exciting , exciting , very exciting provinative , but we 're not going to be judged by technology , but by the intellect and the ideal .
Because that 's the implications of our children to start to see a very deep insight .
Occasionally , when I lose my balance , I 'd like to end with this story .
And sometimes I tried too hard .
And I made a big deal for the children who were very severely convicted .
I went to my prison , and this was 13-year-old 14 , and he was allowed to be allowed to be in front of court .
Why can you turn you into a person who you don 't ?
I was in my wake up , and I thought , I was dreamed about a mad review , I was writing it ?
I thought this would be difficult to be a tough problem .
And I whispered my ears .
It has a very deep relationship to the humanities , about the ability to contribute to each community , for the hope of hope .
And when I walked into my check , my head was caught me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all of yelling noise .
He danced his limb .
Thank you very much .
So you heard , and you saw the desire of the audience , the TED community to help him on his path and do something with this issue .
For example , if you live in California , then spring is there , there 's a symbol of the world , we 're trying to re-fire towards a regular part of the punishment .
So , for example , we 're going to spend a million dollars for the next sentence in the next five years . Yeah , $ 100 million dollars .
56 percent of the rape can 't process .
The chase rate in prison is actually noticing crime .
And so , we have three wars against people who are stoned themselves for just stealing by bicycle or steal from high-level isolation , because they 're paying them back to what they 're doing .
I believe we need to do more things to help people who are being committed to being victims , not least less .
Bris , you actually have the right judgment of people here .
And because of that idea might be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three things to fill in time .
He came in in 1885s like you pretty much know .
So what 's happening here ?
The second story is , to be able to address the other notion that called the transition of the hip .
I went to the 1911 , the Hunnedian in Africa .
And I went to it because I was growing up in Europe , and I wanted to say that later Africa will be done in Africa .
Even though I can actually come up with that life .
This is my first Christmas .
And so that 's surrounded by the brushedral you can see , some of the mangrog .
There 's a whole lot about 20 inches in a new type of intermmar with a beautiful grid of crude .
The chucal of this devastating black system is stabilizing the number of fish and they actually have a fairly common amount of people that they can get to get more than the average income of Ghana .
They 're hitting the age of five , cent.A.
Nothing had nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- , not , in the ' 60s -- Europe was a lot of development projects .
And this boat , quite bad , called Mutitira .
What we 're going to do , we don 't find it from the definition of it .
What is exactly the bottom is the bottom of the bottom , that 's backed back to the back of the boat .
These images are so astromatic , because this shift is going dramatically .
Within a year , you did a survey backstage that starts commercial fishing .
These species are not consumed , they 're killed by they dies .
We can change the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from here from this bench here , biodiversity , the number of the whales see the forest of the water , the water supply .
Every generation will use these images that they have from the beginning of life as a standard and will happen from that .
And that , with the greater extent , is what we want to do .
You 're just going to lose rare rare animals .
They become more scarce and get us to beat them .
Because they don 't know it 's different .
Indeed , many people , and scientists would argue that before that was very different .
For example , the story that the story has a lot of people told the story about the African lady , which is a lot of seeing that many of these fish types of space that can 't eat or not used by the pre-trific
Because the marine protected areas like that we 're actually recreable to the past .
I think artistic film and movies can be able to compens , and the simulation .
You may be able to notice and colors and like sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " The Aataata , if you think about how it 's moving -- how to go to the Purahuontas -- it 's been wored by the symbol of the socks .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices you have a choice in a day ?
Recently , I investigated with over 2,000 Americans , and the average of the typical options that the typical American language was doing 70 times per day .
There were the police surveyed to the CEOs that we followed for a whole week .
And scientists have all sorts of different tasks that they CEO , and they 've spent time to do these decisions on these plans .
Of course , each of them is a lot of small choices .
Now , think about your own choices .
If no , if I 'd like , if you answer to you , you 're happy .
This is the dand-arabble cloth .
We 've opened a little sheet of little cool little piece of candy , into a store .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we put out 24-pound strains , and when only six categories , there 's 40 percent .
And then , after we , in the case , people get like a mortgram of a junk .
Now we see the opposite effect .
Of all the same people who paused when we gave 24 , three percent of them bought a bottle of a junk .
And in the same stopping six kilograms , suddenly , when we saw 30 percent of these bought a bottle of a junk .
Now , let 's make a little less least at least six times as much as the number of people who wanted to buy a bag of a dinter when they saw six categories rather than they saw 24 met .
The topic is going to continue to work : Terring finance .
And what we 're seeing is that the number of resources available there is a fixed-up savings solution to report the number 401 plans , which is a greater impact that can possibly save more tomorrow .
So if you zoom in a little more than the ones that you have two-located aid , which is that the two main leading ends of the mid-Ays is not like we 're going to be able to become .
Now these are not these events that are these choices that are anyone who we 're inundated everyone when you consider the finance .
So what I want to ask you today is that simple four simple technical techniques we have tested test many ways in many surveys you can actually use in your business .
People were always confused when I said , " cutting slushing . "
When Proctor & amp ; Gamble down from 26 different English Heels , 15-year-olds saw the increase of sales sales in 10 percent .
When the president of the Qith Chall ended up the best of the worst commercial advertition for the cat , they saw the increase in the profit in eight percent of the increase of the increase of growth and the cost of the cost .
You know , the average ghetrage today is giving you $ 100,000,000 products .
And people used to say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human being .
And I think you should read it .
All right .
So I made my lesson with Shlomo Benzzi and Alessandravit , and we made a song with people at ITSAs who worked at ITS and I showed these people in a stage where they
And during this phase period , we 're holding back before , but it 's just a little bit smaller .
We can solve multiple kinds of dispensation than we do to make choices .
It shows that the groiums of Woffman and in the freeway of the freezing everywhere , from 331 different cases , to 6,44 .
Now these are different types of different typeslets .
If you think the left on the left is the Swissing and the right-hand side is that , you know , you can clap your hand .
Very good , there are some people .
If you think the left is the Jazz and the right is the most of you , you can clap .
All right , a little bit more .
This is a very , very uncomfortable arrangement .
We have to thrive complexity .
You have over 60 different decision , to get your entertainment .
The color , the color I got on 56 coma .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'll change the line that these decisions exist .
If you click the " button " for each decision that you mean , you have too many choices , which means that you lose me .
With the same source , the same amount of choice .
The only thing I 've done is I have to change the way that information is shown in that .
If I start with you , I learn how to make choices .
And also it also gives me a tremendous interest about the big products that I 'm attaching to it so I 'd love to be pushing on and I 'm busy .
Let me just abstract general .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've been talking about .
That 's just the size of the shadow .
Just ten times three times .
By the way , that 's a super-reum player player for four times four times .
Clearly , isn 't it , right ?
But , but you know what ?
And they 're only 25 numbers .
You think the 'reatting for a heart surgeon , a nurse or a surgeon , or a surgeon , a doctor , a nurse ?
I am a student obsessed with the perfection .
I learned in my little little couch , my grandfather 's office , in the high office in the Torontoian , not farming .
I learned in my mind-to-the-grab surgery and the motor activity of every single , every branch of each circuits that came from the arterial artery , the rare illness , rare and rare .
And during the course , I collect more knowledge and more knowledge .
And my mission of Health employees ask for a heart of Health , to the emergency room .
And I met her inuckuck , I was very hard .
This situation is happening to the normal age , which is instead of blood pressure , some blood flows into lung , and then blood flows of lung , and so the patient 's going to breathe .
And that 's when I first broke my first mistake ; I let her go to the hospital .
I used to show the Quebor I told him to watch the police department .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lack confidence that I 've asked her nurses to do care of Johnnyuckuck , and she says she 's going to get a job ? "
And the nurse is a little bit like , and I 'm just saying , " Oh , I think she 's going to be OK . "
So I signed up the paper of the hospital , and I went to work , and I walked home , and I was offered her home .
I walked through the room on the road .
3. Carris : Remember ?
She goes back and near the death .
About a hour after she came home after she left her home , she had a stroke and she called her and she called her and she rescued and she had her go back and forth her father-dire and she was going to be a 50
And the staff of the time .
They put her on the breathing .
And I was shocked and odted to my head .
And I was sitting on the ship , and I was on the accelerator , and after she stabilized , she was brought in a solid care unit , and I hope to eat the effect that she was going to be .
You know that empowerment is , when you leave a secret to the point you 're never experienced , and you 're being exposed and you 're located and you 're two minutes of your friends and two people who have a terrible text
This is a kind of shame .
And I just wonder .
Why not I am asking the doctor orient ? Why not the home ?
Two years later I was the officer officer in the department department in the Northern Toronto in Northern Toronto , and I looked at a year-out-old guy with a pultha .
And so , I was very excited , I was a hurried .
He just just just just hitting it .
I look at my throach , which is pink .
And two days later I went to live next door , and that 's my time to ask my own Talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember your heart attack ? "
You have to vaccinate antibiotics and restore a few days .
But every time , they 're all of my sneakers , I 'm gonna look at me .
That 's the system we have .
For 20 years I was writing and worked in a medical conference , and I was studying the probability and the mistakes in medicine to learn everything could , from one of the first I wrote to harbeobee on the showcase the Looming
And what I learned was was wrong .
We work in a system in which it 's wrong , and there 's a single day , there 's a single drug or either drug or statistics , or in the case of cases that have the problem of the oil that has increased from the
In both cases , this is all the low expectations are actually true , because we don 't have any of these problems .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have preconceived bias in the experience , for example , I can accept that is a patient who has a perfect patient .
With those things , wrong is no .
So , if you process the system , like I was taught , and remove the whole medical staff , it 's not going to be left .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The nurse , in the notion of being , by the way , the coworkers , you know , who 's just a human , accepting it , no sense of getting a mistake , but trying to learn something that has happened to be able
Very very , very good for somebody else talking about their mistakes .
And she 's just mistake of somebody else 's mistake , not " A " arrest , " but a way to support , to love people to better .
Any of you can be famous for the Internet on the next week .
But there are more than 48 hours of uploaded uploaded on YouTube .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my god . Oh my god .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhh wow , wowwww !
And this is a printed in the one .
It 's actually , Jimmy Kimm .
Second Friday , sixth . Bay to the street on Friday , and I 'm looking at the end of the week , at the end of six weeks . By the time , and I think on the sixth you don 't think we
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is diagram diagram diagram diagram diagram .
Well , Tosh , Net , and the online video started writing about it .
Michael Mc. Naron from the theater halls one of the first people who put a little joke on YouTube video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 examples of imitation 's version of YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Someone created an old version .
Because we don 't just want it , we 're not .
Ohhh .
What does that mean ?
And these are not the media 's media , but as it 's almost as the way of being media today , but they 'll decide how to future .
And my new company was founded in the way of the next environment .
Bay to the contributions .
Excuse . Wait a little bit .
All right .
Oh , I 'm all of this ?
All right . Thank you very much .
My story begins in here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that there was nothing changed from the ancient history of Mahitiharata .
Today , we 're also going to be drilling and drill machines .
The conclusion we 're pulled out is that magic is not replaced by replica .
They prevent the inspiration .
I 've been making a book since age 16 .
What is going to become more and more of the world .
And in fact I turned into a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the bottle of the glass , not knowing that , always the same time to me .
A very different idea , so I was a huge , cultural bias , which was something that was a little bit of a single-trackle .
We all heard about the first of us , we 've all heard about women , but whoever we don 't have India , but we know about the Indian Project , the Angara ?
So , in this moment , in this way , this is the backup of this baby , you have to go out , and in a chapter , take a flower , and you can write a label and it just read it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of the stick and you note it .
And what happens is that you create a digital collection of digital that you can display online .
In the capacity of ability to rediscover the planet , the land and technology , and many other possibilities .
Next , if you can play this report .
The answer is , if I did it on a normal curtaly , could say , is , this year , and this is a kind of time , and no matter what I 'm trying to demonstrate graphics is very stupid .
Now if I plot graphs , for example , another technology , maybe the technology of technology , on a taxic road , it looks very , very similar , like a straight line .
And there 's no precision in history of developing evolutionary innovation by changing a few years later .
That 's what it happens .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the transformation .
And so , what I 'm asking to ask , which I 've still wondered , is the state state that exist in the world ?
What is the new state that is the world ?
Because this process of process is that it 's very difficult to learn when we 're right in the middle of the process .
It 's in the way we approach it .
And we know that it 's not very clear to think about 30 , 50 years later , so that everything is going to be very different from a very simple extraction of what we 're working on today .
And so , I think this picture is that it 's a sense of it , if people look at it for a few billion years .
But today , these oil dropsy , we 're not really , we 're talking to now , because they 're all the same randomness of chemicals .
It 's just a basic kind of basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the drops are getting to the craft .
In fact , every living organism has been genetically modified genes in the same-hand system , and the code is exactly the same .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually make DNA .
This is the empowerment that allows communities to grow bacteria that can form it in which these include microbes with microbes ; they come together .
And so , they 're living together , and eventually it 's also meant that , if a good community , in the community , that 's the whole community that colony has generated more and more and moreived and they evolved .
And so , the next process is in a survival of life .
And at that moment , we have a multi-lap colony , the colony that has vast numbers of different cells , working together as a single organ .
The skin cells will not have any effect of lack of bias in the heart , the cells , the brain cells , many cells .
The next process is that in the colony .
These are these cells , again , start extracting the information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of these colonies .
And they provide a convenient in evolution .
So a single individuals can , for example , learn not to eat any kind of thing because it 's tasty and it 's hard to eat it .
The neural system , the truth is that they form these highly detailed structures , which quickly accelerated the evolution .
Because evolution is today inside the body .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human languages .
I 'm sitting here in these strange ways of hopefulness , hoping that in the beginning of the people who are confused and confused and have a little bit of my thoughts .
This allows us to start living as a living organism .
The telephone , computers , video , CDs and other things are the devices that we create in society to work with information .
And they 're all connected to a greater community and more and more advanced than we have to go forward .
This process is self-assembly and become , I guess , self-spose is a very complex way to self-teping its changes .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in the bluoming of this curve .
Now , I set up computers for money , and I knew that my device was used to design the computer could not be without using without any technology in the computer industry .
So now , what I 'm doing is the design of the complexity of complexity that seems to be possible if they design traditional design .
I don 't know the effect of all the transistors in the connectivity .
Instead , what I did was that the design was doing in the Proveneable corporation , that thought , we thought about the level of refreshur and refresh that extracted that into the machines and machine machine using MRI and more efficient
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the ways we don 't even understand .
And this particular kind of interesting method I 've still is still is a lot of self-expated .
Or other words , " computers , you can get hundreds of millions of random coverage .
In other words , I 'm exactly what I want to .
And let 's cop them together by reverbiring the same breeding .
Take two two programmers and they 're going to create products by their standard regulation , and products yields the relative of the two discipline .
Maybe it can give some exchange .
And over the course of the process , I will have a program perfectly programm of going to pull out .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than programs that I can write .
They are very , very , very , very clinically , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
It says , " This plane has a hundred thousand thousand detail in the same way to get you safe flight . ' It 's not making you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce much more complex products than the design design design .
Because all this technology has pushed its own growth .
But I think there 's something that is chasing us .
And I think that all of us here is a part of the next generation of happiness -- whatever is that .
This program is called Code for America , and the program is pretty much Peace Correens for the computer .
We select a couple of every couple of every year every year , they will work with the government .
At that point , they 're going to write fantastic apples , working with the staff of staff .
How can it search for help in the situation of a two-dimensional existence ?
They were there in February , they were in the snow of two .
They noticed that city never never discrowing the cleaners .
But a member called a Erik Michael Csaf , who said , and the other one is , is that people are always lost in front of that .
And every time you do , you have to put it for you , and he 's first to name the first name .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of the 21s and the ones that are last year .
But it did a thing that no government does .
A guy in the technology of the Honolulu knows how to say that , and he realized that he could use it , not for the skin , but to the people who would make the Taliban albums .
These are actually important , but people have a stolen from their energy .
The applied to allow the software to allow people to scrib clean up the sidewalker sidewalk when the snow snow snow .
Now , now , nine cities now are planning to use this app .
Last year , we had a team of three people working working on a project for two-and-a-half-sold projects in Boston .
The project to help parents look at their settings of their children .
And people told us that , okay , to build a software that would have to take a little less and two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
There 's a project in California system , which has spent the taxes , two-dollar-a-half-olds , but still not working .
That means that the uncontrolled control , always suggest and reproduction new things .
It 's a fun , because we 're going to have more than the action with the help of digital technology .
They didn 't get out .
Now there 's a lot of people who lose faith in government .
Like many people , I think the government is just people who vote .
After two years , I was very closely known to the local government , about the tangible .
He types " The Self-A " Relf-Arabo-Arabo-Arab .
This is the achievements of the remarkable people in the U.S. office in Boston .
But what happened to the Gitizensen was the other way .
Good sleep , the RaV Achent .
It 's pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how new technologies approached life .
When this person helped this other , the community is more powerful .
If you call the center of the animal , it 's going to cost more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head to that .
Let 's see how much we can vote for a political leadership -- and we used to spend so much energy to go to find a political leaders -- and then we sat back and the government would reflect it on our values and satisfying our need ,
But that contemption was helping us see what we have and have to pay for us to us , and then we can harm ourselves .
Some people think politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real work of government is .
That 's what Occuptheid has spent .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not a politics , but the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to get to us without a complete sense of our own rights , for all of us ?
This is my generation of voice , to fight for the rights .
Their battle is not like we 're not going to be a person on the top ; they 're all going to have to do it .
They used their hands .
Surely , we can handle the fire hydrotherap , and many people have done it .
But as applications like the effect that reminds that we 're not just the use of , and we 're not just the government of the government , the taxes and the service .
More than we are the citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we do a job .
I have a question for all of you here : When there is important to come with our hands , all of us , we 're going to be a famous crowd , or we become a group of our hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't have to listen to the patient anymore .
One of the things we 're doing at the University of Radbann is a very careful listener .
And we think that 's one of the major problems why -- not all -- but most of the medical projects fail , since we don 't listen .
It has a click on the middle of the middle .
But another one thing .
But that 's what the best thing is because of this is the peer pressure , the peer pressure is helping to patients -- since it 's used to obese , it can also use to patients .
And then the way that are used to use the use of technology and start with them to create a sense of comfort for the patients in the group .
Another thing we 're all of the gas stations .
But where is the ultimate TED possible device to get this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this not only as a Norden-4-4-4-4-4-4-box , which is called , but it 's a TED201S .
Because , perhaps , this is a picture that you can 't take a camera .
It 's a little bit of my passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because they use a camera , the process is processed .
These pictures like this : the building is going alongside down .
But it has a unintended point .
What caused the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the visual causes visual hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I find the photos that share a whole process like that .
It 's actually just a really different editoris .
But they combine , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combination of these should have a whole range of landscapes .
Second , combine these images should have a kind of light .
And two pictures are both satisfying two conditions -- pretty much at a high altitude , and in a light-tong light .
So by connecting , color , the contrast and the light in the boundaries between the different pictures , plus the dissections like the memory of the field , descended and color , we erase the lines between the different image and make it as
But this picture is completely created by these photographs from different parts .
I personally think that easier to create contexts are found to find context , because you don 't have to have to think of ideas .
And this was this idea during the winter , I knew I needed a few months to prepare , to find different places for the parts of the image .
For example , the fish is in the entry .
There 's always a start with a sketch , an idea .
All right here is right here , and the only thing that is limited is our imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Guring Gelf .
And just in a few years , the LEO had the house at home .
LEO has picked up the concrete block , the building blocks to the world , and making it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic electronic plastic that will take us from the world of the tiles of blocks to each other to the world that everything interacted together .
It 's like a concrete , the transistors that allows you to build large and more expensive , little bricks .
I personally accept this , that the benters are going to be the only age of experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Littleca is the electronic structures with different functional institutions .
You attach blue sign , you can make a lamp .
Rather than rotating the building blocks , like this , and now you have a light bulb .
Glens this jacre , and now you create a mobile .
We 've put these mittles for the child and see them playing with a mittest kid .
And that 's a great experience .
We also bring the veloccits to design school .
So for example , we have designers , which we have no idea what the video begins with playing with the mittances of the creative tool .
And here you 're going to see , with the hoodie , paper and paper , make it ...
A few weeks ago we gave a little downtue to RISD , and we gave them for a few design designers , with the same , with paper , paper and paper -- and tell them that " Let 's do it . "
If the government emerged the data itself , they could have access to the person of the " knowledge " .
But today , 2011 , if you bought a laser blewed out of any of the manufacturer-drick , and if you were going to print a paper that would be that the page was that there was going to be able to get
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this motivations of this kind of cybercriminal , very straightforward .
They use these online feedback to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some examples of million examples from the world of people who earn the money of the money of the cybercursor .
Alfred Gzzz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain has been hiding behind ; and nobody knows where he 's staying .
And I claim that this is the danger of the way we become more crime than the rest of the planet , in the real world .
And the fact that it is obviously the fact that the visual is getting worse .
In the future , not a range of cases that will happen in the world .
Visil Anonymus was up for 12 months , and it became a very careful force in this cyber-facked generation .
So we have three main attacks : the ones who are criminals to make money , like the Anonymous , which is the resistance to the resistance and the end of our government , government is attacking us .
There are many cases of what happened in Digiototar .
They had to zipco-digit the past autale last year , because the system has broken .
And in the last week , in a meeting with the Nutch police , I had a question for a leader that he could find that the unconventional unless we had to die from Digiototar attacks .
Digi 'Nottotott is a company provider service .
In fact , you need a realization , if you have a website using a decentricization of the SSL , the kind of service that Gmail is used .
All of us , or at least we 're actually G8 email or an appetal appetal , and these services are commonly available in the countries like the Iran , where the houses who are using the services from the outsaded
And create the prosthetic .
And that 's exactly what happened to the Digiototar .
In this material is the records from a company that has in the Cambodian company in selling Germany to sold the Egyptian government , so many high-tech tools to have a very small extent of all the tribes and discussions .
This is the main office .
But the Western government also do it in the country .
In this case for Germany , a few weeks ago , people discovered that SAju Scinth , the Sanjan was the author of the government that was used to investigative people .
They heard their sewitts of your Internet .
They even use tools like Transois Abuin 's to get to your computer , and that they can get all information information , you have your own peer-plus your conversation , and you can be your passwords .
Why is I going to worry about ?
But this argument is unethical .
Protional need not to be able to argue .
This is a problem between liberty and control .
And so we have trust , a blind way of any government , a government that we can have in the next 50 years ?
