When I was a little bit , I thought that NorthTrane was the best country in the world and I used to sing " We had nothing to jealous . "
I was very proud of my country .
In school , we spent a lot of time learning about the president of the Kim II , but they didn 't learn a lot about the outside world , except the United States , Korea and Japan is our enemy .
Although I used to ask myself no idea how the world is , but I still think I 'll live in NorthTrics , until all of a sudden change .
When I went to seven , I witnessed the scene that we 've taken the first time in my life , but I still think my life is completely normal .
My family doesn 't poor , and I 'm not hungry .
But in a day of 1995 , my mother brought home a letter from a sister at the same time .
There 's writing : When you read these lines , it 's five people who have no longer on this life , because they have nothing to eat in two weeks .
All right up on the floor , and our body is mostly possible that death is very close .
I was shocked .
Because it was the first time I knew that my colleagues were suffering .
Not long after that , when I went through a station , I saw a great scene that I couldn 't forget .
On the house of a station was deadly death of a two-pound man who was holding a baby and she just knew staring at her face .
But no one helped them , because it 's all concerned about themselves and family .
In the middle of the ' 90s , North Korea went through a severe hunger issue .
It makes more than a million Koreans die in hunger , and many people survive to eat grass , worms and beetles .
Bageye is more often happening , so everything around me is dark when it 's dark when it comes to the light from China , just a river .
I always wondered , why they had electricity , we didn 't .
This is a picture from North Korea , in the night in the same way around the world .
This is Asian Aspiece Lee , it is nature between North Korea and China .
It can see that the river is very narrow , so some of the North Korea secret to China .
But a lot of people died .
And I saw them in the river .
I couldn 't tell you about how I was hiding from North Korea as if I could just say that in the last few months , because of the hunger I was sent to China to China to live with a person .
I just thought I 'd have to go away from my family a quick time .
I can imagine that I 'm going to have to have 14 years old .
In China , her life was separated from the family as I was difficult .
I didn 't think about what happened to the life of a refugee from North Korea , but I didn 't realize how hard it was , but I didn 't get very hard , but also dangerous , because refugees from North Korea in China
I 've always lived in a very intuitive fear that my identity will be discovered , and I 'll be paid about old life in North Korea .
One day , that nightmare was successful , and I had been killed in China and brought to the police to the police .
There was somebody announced to them that I was North Korea , so they tested my Chinese voice and asked me a lot of questions .
I was very scared , and I felt like my heart will explode .
Because if they see nothing natural , I 'll get rid of it and get paid about water .
I think my life comes here is the end , but I 'm still trying to control my emotions and answer their questions .
And after finished , one of the police said to the other person , this is a wrong case .
It 's not North Korea . "
And they released me . It was a magic .
Some North Korean in China has come to the embassy of water out to refugee refugees , but many of them have been caught by China and paid about water .
These girls were very lucky .
Because even though it 's caught , but at the end of school was released by international community .
But those North Korea didn 't get lucky .
Every year , there 's a number of North Korea that was caught in China and being paid about water , where they were attacked , being taken by the prisoner or been treated .
While I was very lucky because I was released a lot of my colleagues don 't .
Northern Koreans have to cover their identity and fight for survival is a tragedy .
Even when they 've learned the Chinese and found a job , their life can be completely reassured in a moment .
That 's why 10 years ago , I decided I went to Korean , to begin a new life .
It 's more difficult to live here than I imagine .
Because in Korean , English is very important , so I started learning English , my third language .
I also recognize a huge gap between the South and North Korea .
We 're all Korean , but we 've become very different from 67 years of cut .
I experienced a crisis of mine .
I 'm South Korea or North Korea ?
Where did I come from ? Who ?
Suddenly , I didn 't have a country to get proud of the country .
And even though to adapt life in Korea is not a little bit easy , but I started a plan .
And started learning to prepare for college .
But even when I 've been used to life here , I 've been announced a terrible news .
In North Korea developed some money that I sent back to my family , and , to punish , they 'll get my family back to a rural area .
To make them quickly get out of that , I started planning for my family .
North Korea had to go through the ways that it doesn 't seem to come to freedom .
Because the border from North to South Korea was almost impossible , so I had to fly to China and go back to the border of North Korea .
Because my family doesn 't know the Chinese , so I have to go along with 2,000 miles in China and go to South Asia .
The journey of a bus 's long time for a week , and a couple of times we 've been caught .
One time , our car was stopped and discovered by the Chinese police .
He 's going to prove to all of us , and he 's starting to check .
Because my family didn 't understand China , so I thought they would be caught .
When the Chinese police went to close to them , I immediately stood up and said to him that this is deaf people that I 've got to go .
He looked at me , but unfortunately he believed me .
And we continue to go to the Livia , but I have to use almost the whole amount of money that we have to bribe to bribe the world .
However , after we 've gone through borders , our family was caught in jail for the border .
After I submitted money and bribe , my family was released in a month , and then got caught again in the city of Livia .
It was the best moment in my life .
I 've done all sorts of ways to bring my family to freedom , and I 've been successful , but they 've been arrested when we 've just been in the same way we 've just had a very short distance .
I went back to the middle of the office and the police station , which was great to get my family out of it , but I didn 't have enough money to bribe or pay the money .
I 'm completely disappointed .
Right there , there 's a man who asked me , " What is that ? "
I was very surprising to a completely unusual person who was interested in asking me .
By the way , English language and a dictionary , I told him my family 's circumstances . No , that guy went to A ATM , paid all the money for my family and North Korea to get to jail .
I thank you with my heart , and I asked , " Why did you help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " He said .
" I 'm helping North Korea . "
I realized that it was a huge moment in my life .
Compassion is very good from strangers to me and all the North Koreans when we 're doing it , and he shows me good from strangers and the support of the international community is the hope that North Korea we 're looking for .
In the end , after a long journey , my family had been gathered in Korea , but it was only half of the struggle .
A lot of North Koreans are being cut in their family , and when they come to another country , they have to start from very few years or almost no money .
So we can get help from the international community to education , training English , and many other areas .
We can also play a role as a bridge between people in North Korea with the outside world , because there 's a lot of people in our family members in the country , and we share with information and money to change in North Korea .
I was very lucky to get a lot of help and be inspired by my life , so I wanted to be able to bring to my country a chance to develop with the support of international support .
I believe that you 're going to see the more and more North Korea success in the world , even in TED stage .
Thank you .
I just have a request today .
Don 't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I want to introduce you to my son .
Remiably 22 , and she 's very beautiful and beautiful .
I 'm not saying , but I 'm going to get joy in the way that even some of the best heroors can 't do it .
Remiably what love is .
I 've shared it a kind of conditions , though .
He didn 't go . I didn 't tell you the skin .
I don 't care about religion , and let 's understand : I 've never been lying .
When I sing the songs from our childhood , try to remember the words that I couldn 't , I didn 't remember that : we knew about how little brain , and what we didn 't know how wonderful it was .
Samuel 16 years old . I 'm very nice .
I had a perfect memory .
But there 's a filter .
I didn 't remember if you had a candy candy , but I didn 't remember my first singing song on my iPod , our talk between four-year-olds , and my hand on Telubbubs , and
Can these things sound great ?
But most people don 't agree .
And in fact , because my mind doesn 't fit in the normal social version , children are often given and misunderstanding .
But what makes my heart more reliable and soul is that , even though this is true , whether they 're not considered normal , it can mean that : people are extraordinary -- autism and people .
For you don 't have a lot of words , it 's a brain disorder that affect social communication , learning and sometimes the ability of nature .
In a different patient , that 's why Remobi is very different Sam .
And all over the world , just 20 minutes have a diagnosis of autism , and even though it 's one of the very fastest evidence in the world , we don 't be clear or treatment .
And I couldn 't remember the first time I approached autism , but I couldn 't remember one day .
I was three years old when I was born and I was very excited that there was a new person in life .
And after a few months , I realized that I was different .
I yell a lot .
I don 't want to play as other kids , and in fact , I don 't like anything to me or anything else .
Remmate and political in their own world , with their own rule , and I see joy in the smallest things , like the automobiles around the room and staring at the lawn and staring at what 's in your hand
When I grew up , I became different , and the difference became more clear .
But out of anger and frustrating and curiousness is something that 's really unique : a pure instinct and naughty , a little bit of uncertainty , a little bit of opinion , a human being lying .
Africa often .
Well , I couldn 't recognize that there was some hard moments in my family , those moments that I wished as I was .
But I put my memory back to what I taught me about , communication and love and love and love and I realize that this is what I 'm not going to hit normal .
It 's often missile that the difference for us and what we 're different is that one of us is not what we have .
It means there 's something else .
And if I can only do something for Remi and Sam and give you , that 's what you don 't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because there 's autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! Everybody gives us a gift , and in fact , to say , is the greatest sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and for the changes that are turned off when we try to be a different person .
So -- don 't say I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Maybe you all agree with me is a beautiful road .
It 's built out of plastic , and it 's a plastic materials that run it very , very , very , very , very , very , very , especially today when it 's raining .
And then you can get water up on the street of the air .
And especially if you bicycle , and you go through these cars are not good .
And also , plastic has a lot of noise .
It 's noise , if we do the streets like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we want a quiet street .
The solution for the problem is to make the streets of plastic .
The spazis is the materials we 're using to build most of the countries in the Netherlands , it has a hole and water across the hole in the hole , so all the rains will get out , and you 'll have
And noise disappeared through the hole .
Because it 's hollow , all the noise will disappear , so the street is quiet .
Of course , there 's still a lot of the way , and this kind of thing is the crawling state , the bubble can happen .
What is the crawling ? You see it on this street , the face of the blob .
First of you get a rock , and then more , more and more , more , more , more , more , and then -- -- -- -- there 's no .
But they can make your cars . So you 're not happy with that .
And after the same , this crap is going to break up a lot more .
Sometimes they make chicken .
Oh . He 's ready .
The chicken , of course , can be a problem , but we have solutions .
It 's kind of like you see here this material that 's a bad signal .
It 's plastic , as I said , you just have a little glue that 's stuck in the rocks .
In the effect of the weather , the sun radiation , this plastic condition , this plastic gelum , this piece of plastic gelum is going to stick , and if it comes back , and if it 's going to have these very small
And if you drive up there , you will destroy these blocks -- like we just saw here .
In order to solve this problem , we 've built materials .
If we make this physical materials , we can find solutions .
What we can do is use a shaking steel with the waveld to wash the shirt , and we cut the wavels , and we mixed this little bit of steel , and we mix these little pieces with the bits of plastic
So we have plastic mixes with very small steel .
And then you need a machine , as you see here , is the use machine to cook -- a response machine .
It 's going to make temperature , especially steel leads .
What you do is you 're hot steel , you get the tumet , and the plastic gum is going to melting into these very small cracks , and the rocks will stick on the surface .
I 'm using a wave , because I can 't bring a pressure sensor from a stage on the stage .
It 's also the same dynamic system .
I 've got a prototype , I 'm going to take it out , and I 'm going to test it .
This is a prototype .
I said we invented a industrial machine as on the lab , to heat the prototype .
In the lab we 've tried to go through a lot of models , and then governments , they actually saw the results , and they said , " Oh , that 's great . We have to try to see . "
And they communicate us a national route , which is 400 meters across A58 , here we have to build this new materials .
So that 's what we 've done here . You see the experiment that we 've done , and of course , this path is going to exist in many years without fiction . That 's what we learned from real .
We 've taken a lot of samples from this path and we try them in the lab .
So we turned out to be a prototype , putting a lot of weight on it , connected them with a sensors , stick them and then try them again .
We can do it again .
And in fact , the conclusion of this research is that if we protect the four-year-old street four years -- this is a big-scale version that we 've built it to protect it to actually -- if four years of the way we
Well , in order to come together , I can tell you that we 've created a kind of steel materials using steel , more into steel , using the temperature from , to actually help increase the lifespan of the street , which is the way you
Now you 're wondering whether it works .
We have models here . It 's pretty warm .
It 's going to get it cool before , and I 've shown you how good it works .
But let me try .
Let 's see . Well , it 's stick .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk about a confusing question that answer is also very bad .
Democrats are the secret of the family , and the question I ask is the question that everyone 's always wondering : Why do she stay ?
Why should the woman be left with them ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social impact or a family expert .
I just wanted to share my story .
When I was 22 years old , I was at Harvard School .
I moved to New York City as the first job of writing and editing for Seneventen .
The first time I had apartment , my American Expressions , and I had a big secret .
The secret is , this gun is ready to get the bullets on the beginning of my head because my man was thinking , from this time .
My man loved one all of the guns in the head and threatened me once I didn 't remember .
I 've come here to tell you about crazy love , a stigma that 's camouflage that millions of women and even a couple of men have to put every year .
This can be your story .
I don 't look like a family 's violence .
I 've got English in Harvard , and I 've got involved in Harvard , and I 've got a marketing business from Whateton 's business .
I 've all done my career for the top 500 companies like Johnson and Johnson , Leo Bennett and Washington .
I married with the second husband near 20 years and there are three kids .
My dog 's the skin , and I drive the Hondo Ocean .
So the first thing I 'd like to talk to you is that the family 's family is happening with everyone , everyone religion , every religion and education .
It 's happening everywhere .
And the second thing I want to say is that everyone thinks that violence happens to women , which is the problem of women .
No .
More than 85 percent of violence is men , and the family violence is only in the design relationships , very long , very long , to say , in the end of the family , where we want to look or wait to see that violence is a problem
I said to myself , I 'm the left of the Earth in general life with my man who 'd beat me , but in fact , I 'm a typical woman .
I was 22 years old , living in the United States , women from 16 to 24 to 24 to 24 times the risk of being three times more risk of violence than women in women in other ages , and 500 women and women in this year-old
I used to be a typical victim because I didn 't know about violence , the police signals or the pattern .
I met the Chor in a monthly night , rain .
He sat next to me in the city of New York City , and he started talking to me .
He told me about two things .
One is he , as I , just as good as I , Ivy Lague and that he works in a very impressive bank in Wall Street .
But the most impressive thing to me in the first meeting is he smart , and he looks like a farmer .
He 's got these big chlves , and he has a big apple and the owheel , and he 's got very sweet , and he seems sweet .
One of the most smartest things that have done , from the beginning , is to create a hallucination that I 'm going to be promised .
He did this at the beginning of my gecko .
We started dating , and he loved me all the time that I invented , that I chose Harvard , that I chose to help the big girls and work .
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , hopefulness and dreams .
I believe me , as a writer and a woman in a way that nobody has ever had .
And he also created the magic air of the trust between us by looking at his secretly , that he 's a child from four-year-old age-old self-pressed and continuously by his glimpse , and his
That explains why Ivy Leage and the job in Wall Street and his creative future , and his creative future has a huge meaning for him .
If you say to me that the smart man , fun , this sensitive , people loved me a day when I was page or not , how much my dress , where I lived , who was done , who was my friend and where I was going to
I didn 't know that the first stage in any family 's violence is tempting and seduction .
I don 't know that second stage is victim .
Now , I don 't go home to a day and announced that , " Hey , you know , all about Romeno and jeuzet , but I need to move to the next stage where I 'm going , "
Instead , I was home in a Friday night and he told me that he was going to break up today 's dream today , and he said , he left his dream , because I 'm going to feel safe and love that he doesn 't
Now , the last thing I want to do is leave my dream and my dream , but I think you have to sacrifice my life , so I agree and break , I 'm out , I 'm going to leave Manhattan .
I didn 't think that I went into a crazy love , that I was walking into the first step in the psychological trap , money , money , money and I was very careful .
The next step in this violence is to bring into violence and see how she reacts .
From here , guns come .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where I was based on to feel safe -- he bought three guns .
He keeps a tree in the container of our car .
It 's one of our bed nets , and our third trees are always between him .
And he said he needed these guns because the damage he had gone through the past as a child .
He needs them to feel protective .
But these guns are actually a message for me , and even though he has never given my arm , but my life in danger every day .
Myor attacked me for five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning when I was wearing sleep .
I 'm sitting on the roof , and I 'm trying to get a write poem and I 've seen , I 've seen my anger , and I 'm using my anger as I 'd like to get two arms around my ne
In the next year , 10 bruises on my neck , and I 'm wearing my mother 's wedding , and married with him .
Although I still have happened , I 'm still sure we live happily because I love him and he also loved me a lot .
And he was very bribe .
He was really stressful for wedding and his family .
It 's an individual attempt , and he 'll never hurt me .
It happened two times in the moon .
The first time , I was drive to find a secret beach and I was lost , and he was lost , and he was very strong on my head , and I had a very strong side of my car .
A few days later , when he was driving home after the moon , he was tired of vehicles , and he throwing all the Big Mac in my face .
I had a couple of times a week for two months and half months after married .
I was wrong when I thought I was the only case , and I was alone .
One third of the American women have gone through the family , or the landing in some stages of the life and the CDC shows that 15 million children are abused each year , 15 million .
So I was really in a very good company .
Go back to my question : Why am I here ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know he 's going on .
And even he had a gun in my head , pushed me down , threatened my dog , took the keys out of my car when I was driving into the highway of the highway , I was wearing the front row when I was wearing
Instead , I 'm a strong woman in love with a problem , and I 'm the only person on Earth can help him face .
The other question that people ask , why don 't she leave ?
Why didn 't I go ? Can I leave any time .
For me , that 's the sad question and pain , because we , the victims know something you don 't know : it 's a terrible risk to leave a violence like this .
Because the final step in the national violence is killing her .
More than 70 percent of the family 's violence happened after the end of the relationship , after she left , because then she went away , because then the violence is nothing to lose .
But the other consequence of time , even after the abused of marriage ; the excess of financial resources ; and the movement of the whole family system to make her fear and her children , these children are often forced by the judgment of the judge
And we continue asking , why don 't she leave ?
I was able to get away , because the end of my final wattered out of my left .
I realized that the man loved ones would kill me if I left him .
So I broke silence .
I tell people : the neighbor , the neighboring , my friends and my family , strangers are completely strict , and I stand here because you 're all helping me .
We have the stereotypes of victim as scary headlines , women destroy themselves , things that are hurt .
The question , " Why did you come back ? "
That 's the reason of some people , " That 's her fault , " as the victim has chosen love to destroy us .
But since the word " Crazy " I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who have gone , who have learned a very valuable lesson , but what 's happening , and who 's built life -- happiness , happy ,
Because the fact that I 'm a typical person of the family 's violence has finished was a typical person of violence .
I got married with a mixture and good , and we got together three children .
I have the Black Lab , and I have a Minivor .
What I didn 't have half , forever is a dog in my head because somebody said he love me .
Right now , you 're thinking , " Oh , this is great " or , " Oh , she 's stupid , " but all this time , I 've been talking about you .
I 'm sure you 're listening to me now is people who are being abused or the people who have been abused when they 're being abused when they 're abusive to me .
The abilities can affect your daughter , your daughters , your best friend right now .
I can end my crazy story by melting silence .
I 'm going to break silence today .
This is how I help other victims , and this is my final bridge .
Let 's tell you what you heard here .
The abilities are scary .
You have power to end the family 's family 's approaching that light into a light .
We need victims to all the people .
We need you to understand the secret of family violence .
Pollowing the light of today by talking about it with your kids , your colleagues , your friends and your family .
Strking their life as happiness , love with open future .
The perception of early violence and liberties , reduce it down , just for a safe person .
Together we can make our sleep and our family 's home to become peace and safe and safe island .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special animal group .
There are 10,000 birds in the world .
Pettering is one of the most serious penguins .
When you see a virgin like this , the first thing that happens in your head is , these are really disgusting creatures , ugly , ugly , ugly , eat and just to meat , linked to you , linked to politicians .
I want to change that perception . I want to change the feelings that you spend for these birds , because they need to come to our compassion . They really need .
I 'll tell you why .
First of all , why are they really bad ?
When Charles Darwin crossed the Pacific in 1832 from the Beagle , he saw the Turkey Turkey , and he said , " These birds are disgusting with the red shawn of the red glimpse to
You can 't be humiliation , and that 's from Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed the idea when he came back , let me tell you why .
They 've also been connected to Disney -- by the way it turns into dancers , stupid , stupid people .
More recently , if you 're watching news in Kenya -- this is the specific features that connect with Key 's scene . But I want to respond to that .
I want to respond to you why ?
Because the police doesn 't keep the environment in clean .
The police doesn 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They are almost impossible to build a wife .
They have long gone extinct .
And , what I love is , the kettles look more .
There are two types of ghetts on this planet .
The kinds of new kinds of new kinds of World War II is found in the United States , like the Morodor and carcar , and that 's where there 's 16 species , where there are 16 species . In these 16
So , why did it matter ? First of all , they provide necessary services .
They 're actually natural-pans .
They clean up to the bones .
They help kill bacteria . They help absorb them to spread and make large loss of animals for animals for animals and animals .
The recent studies have shown in areas that don 't have to go through about three times more time to breakdown , and the biggest consequences from this is the spread of disease .
Betperforms have a great history of their importance .
They were connected to the ancient Egyptian culture .
Nkbet is the symbol of protective and mother 's mother , and with the tiger , they symbolize the most case of Mindu & amp ; Mighting of Egyptian .
In the Hindu , Jatu , the magician , he 'd been risky to save the Sita Sita from the Favana .
In the Tibet , they do a very important thing . In places like Tibetet , there 's no place to be dead , or wood to burn them , so they provide a natural system .
So what is it going on ?
We have eight kettles come up in Kenya , where there are six species threatened with high risk .
The reason that they 're headed , they 're headed , because there are competitions between the people and the wild world , the wild world . The communities are using this dictatorship to go into the predators , but instead of
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four kettles were written in listed in the list of extremists , which means that they were less than 10 or 15 years to touch extraneous and reason that was because they were
This medicine has been banned in medicine in India . They 've shown that .
Because there 's no virules , so there 's a spread of the wilder dogs in the desert area when you have a dog , you have a huge bomb , you have a huge bomb rate of wild disease . The lost a lot
Kenya is going to have the biggest wind field in Africa with 353 engines that will be install in Lakkana .
I don 't respond to wind energy , but we need to collaborate with government , because the wind engine makes these birds . They cut .
They 're a cotton .
In West Africa has a terrible trade-born trade trade in the magic market and deals .
So what did we do ? We 're working on these birds . We 're putting the signals into them .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and in the place they come .
We can see them moving to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on problems on the area , this will not help you .
We need to cooperate with government levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about what you 're talking about , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
How do you do it ? Can you become an dynamic person , create a voice . You can write for your government and tell them that we need to focus on these mistakes . Love a little message .
When you step out of this room , you 're going to get information about the ghosts , but let 's say for your family , you know , your neighbor 's neighbors .
They 're very happy . Charles Darwin said he changed the idea because he saw them fly so much as it doesn 't need to go to the sky .
Kenya , this world , it 's much more poor if there 's these great animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a morning that I woke up when I heard my joy in my house .
My father was hearing the BBC radio on his small gray radio .
He 's a very big smile , it 's very often because he 's often sad .
He said , " The Taliban go ! "
I didn 't understand , but I can see that my father was very happy .
" Now you can actually come to school . " He said .
One morning I couldn 't forget .
A real school .
You know , the Taliban come out of Afghanistan , when I was six years old and banned girls .
In five years later , I was eating as a son for me to go to a secret school because I was banned from a house .
That 's the only way we can go .
Every day , we went to a different way to no one suspects about our perspective .
We hide the book in the market as people would think we 'll just go shopping .
It 's in a house , more than 100 of us are in a little room .
It 's pretty warm in winter , but summer is extremely hot .
We all know that we 're taking our own lives , students and our parents and our parents .
There 's a couple of times , suddenly the bush , because the Taliban suspects .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Can we be tracked ?
Do they know where we are ?
We were very scared , but whether we still wanted to go to school .
I 'm very lucky to be taught in a very respectful family and daughter 's very important .
My grandfather was a great person in the time .
One of them was completely rejected from a long place in Afghanistan , and he was hired to be a girl , my mother got to school , and so he got his father from .
But my mother had education to be a teacher .
She 's here .
She retired two years ago to use our home to open her school and women in the neighbor .
And this is my father was the first person in his family .
No doubt that his children are going to get education , including his daughter , whatever the Taliban , and despite the risk .
For him , what 's not learned is greater risk .
In the Taliban , I remember that there were very angry about our life and fear and not seen the future .
I 'd like to get out of school , but my father , he said , " Listen , I can lose everything on this life .
The money 's money is lost . I can be forced to leave the house in the time .
But something is going to be alive with children , and if we 're being forced to sell blood to pay for obesity , we 'll do that .
So what do you want to continue ?
I 'm 22 years old today .
I 've grown up in a country that has been destroyed by decades .
Less than 6 percent older women I learned after school , and if my family had no commitment to my school , I became one of them .
But what I 'm proud to stand here is a good graduate student from the Midlegur .
When I went back to Afghanistan , he was out of my family because he dares his daughter school , was one of the first gods .
He didn 't show you about my high school , but I was the first woman , and I was the first woman , and I was the first woman that could transport him on the streets in Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed , but my family wish was larger .
So I 'm a global mission for 101010 , this is global movement to education .
So I made up SOLA , the first school and was the only thing for the girl in Afghanistan , a country that was still dangerous for girls to schools .
I 'm very excited to see my school at the time to get this opportunity .
And I saw their parents and father like my father , supporting them , and even if they 're having a hard time .
Like Ahmed . That 's not his name , and I can 't express his face , but Ahmed was my father 's father .
Less than a month , he and his daughter 's on the street to SOL from their village , and they really shredded the death of a few minutes .
When he was going to go home , phone calls , a threatening voice if he continue to go to school , they 'll try again .
He said , " If you want to kill me , but I 'm not going to destroy my future of my daughter 's future , because the ideals of the people . "
Now I 've seen about Afghanistan , and this is the thing that used to be left in the West , is behind most people in the successful success of our daughter and people see their own success as their own success .
This is not a mother who doesn 't matter in our success .
In fact , they 're the first person and they 're persuading for a creative future of their daughter , but in society like Afghanistan , we need to come to the support of men .
In the Taliban , girls come to the school hundreds of people who remember , are illegal .
But today , more than three million women are in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is very different from the United States .
I found that the American people saw deprivation , in changes .
I fear that all of these changes will not be longer after the U.S. army .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , when I saw students in my school and my parents supporting them , encourage them , I found a promising future , and the change will survive long time .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , the possibility of space , and every day of SOLA reminds me about that .
Like I , they have big dreams .
Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a phone gives you a personal freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can capture a picture of the human beings in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can upload a message on Tweeter and starting to participate in a government protest in Egypt .
And also with a phone you can record a song , post it up to Soundo and become famous .
All of that is possible with your mobile phone .
I was a child of 1984 , and I lived in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , in this city .
You can see here in the way that thousands of people stand up and expressing changes .
It 's in 1989 , and imagine people who stood up and express that change has a mobile phone in the pocket .
Who in the audience has mobile phone ?
Raise it up .
Raise your phone , raise your phone !
Let 's raise it . A Android phone , the Blackberry , wow .
A lot . Now , most of us have a mobile phone .
But I 'll talk about myself and my phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'll talk about that .
There are about 35830 blocks .
Visual information .
But why are those information here ?
The reason is that the summer of 2006 , the European Committee 's proposition was just a form .
It 's called the data store .
This is just showing that every single telecommunic company in Europe , every Internet service in the Internet in Europe , there 's a huge amount of information about people .
Who 's a person called who ? Who sent someone email ?
Who sent the mobile messages ?
And if you use mobile phone , this is where the problem is .
All of these information is stored at least in six months , until two years by the Internet you 're using or Internet services .
And in Europe , people stood up and said , " We don 't want that . "
They said , we don 't want this personal archive .
We want to get self-interest in the digital age , and we don 't want to be that the telecommunicators and the Internet service of all our information .
They 're lawyers , journalists and all of the fathers , all say , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 10,000 people who participate in the city of Berlin , and they 're saying , " Freedom , fearless . "
And some people even say , it 's like Stasi 2.0 .
Stasi is the number of police deposits in East Germany .
I used to be wondering , does it work ?
Can they record our entire information ?
Every time we use our mobile phone ?
So I asked my Internet to use , Deutscheck , the largest German service of the time at that time , and I asked them , please , sending me all the information that they were stored .
I asked them to send me one time , and I continue to ask , but what I was just a clear answer . Blah blah blah .
But then I said , I want to get these information , because they 're storing my life .
And I decided to send the case to the building , because I would like to get these information .
But Deutscheck Telkom said , no , we won 't provide you for this information .
And finally , I had a agreement with them .
I 'm going to destroy the conditions , and they 'll provide me to tell me .
Because at that moment , the federal government has regulated that only the European Union 's market is not working in Germany .
So I got this brown envelope with a CD in the inside .
And on the CD , what I needed was on there .
358 blocks of information .
I first look at it , and I say , well , it 's a big data . Good .
But then I realized , this is my whole life .
This is my life in six months , has been recorded in this data .
And then I wondered a little bit , what should I do with this ?
Because I can see where I came there , where I sleep every night , what I did .
But then I said , I wanted to public this information .
I want it to be known by the public .
Because I 'd like to show you how data is really .
So for Zeit Online and Open Data City , I do the same thing .
These are live images of life in six months have been recorded .
You can zoom in or collect it , you can go back or faster or faster .
You can see my step .
You can even know me to Frankfurtle with the train to Cologne , and the frequency I call between those two places .
All of this information .
I had a little fear .
But those information are not just talking about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First of all , it 's just like this , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked to a couple of times .
And then some friends call me , they call each other .
One time you call you , and you call you , and you 'll have this huge network of communication .
But you can see how we communicate with each other , they call each other , when they go to sleep .
You can see it .
You can see the most fundamental parts , like leaders in a group .
If you have access to these information , you can see the work of the community , society .
If you have access to these information , you can control the entire society .
This is a design drawing of countries like China or Iran .
Here 's a drawing to survey the society because you know how people talk to , who 's sent email , all that if you have access to this information .
And these information are stored in at least six months in Europe , until two years .
As I said when I started , imagine if all of these guys on the streets of Berlin had a mobile phone in the pocket .
So maybe Stasi would know who was involved in this expression , and if Stasi knew who was the leader behind it , then maybe it would never happen .
The collapse of the Berlin wall can not exist .
And if that is , maybe the collapse of the Ministry of iron in the cold War is not there .
Because today , function systems and companies want to save information that they get better , even online and online .
They want to be able to track our lives , and because they want to record these information at every time .
Life and work in technology and technology is not conflicting .
What you should do is fight for your own self today .
And you have to fight off for it every day .
Then , when you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of 21st century , and it 's not obsolete .
When you go back home , let 's tell you that by companies and function systems can save specific information , even though they don 't have to do that .
And if you don 't believe me , ask the Internet to provide information that they 've been stored about themselves .
So in the future , once you use your phone to remind you that you have to fight you that you have to fight for individual self-interest .
Thank you .
Photography is my passion since I grew up holding a camera , but I want to share with you 15 images that I appreciate , and I don 't take any of those numbers .
There is no artistic , no models , not even care about light .
In fact , most of them were taken by travelers .
The story started when I went to New York City to participate in a speech and my wife took a picture of my first birthday . We stood at 57 and five .
We came back to New York City a year later , so we decided to take a picture .
You can see where the story is leading .
When I was going to go to my third birthday , my wife , my wife said , " Why don 't you take the Sabulth to New York to the New York City of the father and my daughter , continue , " The old
And then we started to travel through the street .
You know , your camera empowerment for a completely common person in the world , a remarkable way .
There 's no one rejection , and unfortunately , nobody has left with our camera .
We didn 't know how our life will change .
It should be sacred to us .
This was taken a few weeks later on 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what happened in these ways that a five-year-olds can understand .
These pictures are not just the representative object for a moment , or a special journey .
They 're the way we stop in a week of October , thinking about our time and how we changed in every year , not just about the physical face , but on the face .
Because even though we took a picture , but our perspective changed , my daughter has been achieved new dots , and I 'd seen her life through her eyes , the way it looked at things .
It 's about time that we 're focused on this one thing that we appreciate and expecting all the time .
Recently , in a journey , we 're walking around the middle of the street , and it 's just going to go to the red , and it 's just going to go to the red one of the tools that it 's
She described to me five years old , when she stood at that point .
It said that it 's going to turn out of his chest when it saw the first nine years ago .
And now what it 's seeing in New York is university schools , because it decided to go into New York .
And I realize : One of the most important things that we create is memory .
So I want to share the idea of a movement in creating memory .
I don 't know how you are , but 15 pictures , I don 't appear very much in the families .
I 'm always a photograph .
So I 'd like to encourage you to have a face in the picture , and don 't get to a place , and ask , " Do you take a picture for us ? "
Thank you .
I 've never forget the words that I 've been talking about -- she 's gone through the forgiveness : " Hey , fight Gadi . Let 's fight him .
But don 't make a form of Gadi 's Gadi . "
In the last two years , by the way , when the Khya means that in Libya explosions , are more powerful because the waves on the surface of the Tunisia and Egypt .
I 've been involved in the amount of energy in and Libya to ask for the day of the anger and to start the beginning of a sense of against the Gaddadi .
And that 's a great revolution .
Southern young men stand up the front of the government , raise the right language of freedom , dignity , social justice .
They 've proved a face of compassion in the beginning of the violence of Gaddi .
They showed up a glimpse of glimpse from the west to western and stretched up to the south .
And finally , after six months of schizophrenia with a half to 50,000 people that we 've managed to break our country and turn the violence .
But yet , Gaddachi has left a burden , a ownitage of expert , corruption and gorgeous gorgeous .
In the last four decades , the violence of Gaddi has destroyed the infrastructure as the culture and the morality of Libya .
The perception of destruction and challenging challenges , how many women are , restricted to the civil society of Libya , calls the whole and transcendence to democracy .
Recently 200 organizations are programmed at Behazi during that time and right after Gadi : 300 in Tipi .
And after 33 years of forgiveness , I went back to Libya , with the most toxic passion , I started organization , and I started to organization the skills of leadership skills .
Together with a great group , I 've coined the Council of Libya Service because of the women 's movement , the leaders from all the different parts of society , to operate in the society of the women and to
I 've been in a very difficult situation at the end of the election , a natural environment , a natural environment , a environment that 's formed by the political moment of political and elimination .
I 've led an idea of the Victorian Service Service because the Peace Walk to the wander for a wander , the law that can bring up to every citizens , whether they come to the citizens , whether
And at the end of our opinion , we 've been given and successful .
Women won 17 and a half percent of China in the first election of 52 years ago .
And yet , a little bit of a little bit , the excitement from the election and the revolution of the general idea that I had gone -- when we woke up with violence .
One day we woke up with information about the threshold and the neocortex of Sifi .
The other day we woke up with the news of the U.S. mission and attacked in leadership .
The other day we woke up to believe about the army .
And every day , each day we woke up with the rules of the population and their relatives of human rights in prisoners also as respect to their laws .
Our society , forming by the revolution , becoming more different and beyond the ideals , the rules of freedom , our society , social inequality that we are at the beginning .
It doesn 't matter , unless it 's a symbol of the beginning .
I 'm not going to have inspiration for you with the success story of creating a loyal list and election .
And I came here to realize that we -- the entire country has been wrong , they decided to be wrong .
We didn 't prioritize citizens .
Because the election doesn 't bring peace , stability or security .
Is the loyal list and the interconnect between men and women have given peace and water ?
No , no .
So what does it help ?
Why is society we continue to be a polar society and domain by the political systems of our political and elimination , by two men and women ?
It may not just be about women 's rights , but also women 's values , compassion , tolerance , all .
Our society needs a national conversation and the community of building is more than the election of the election , just to increase polarization and divide .
Our society needs the quality of the world than the world is that we need numbers and numbers of the world .
We need to stop acting as anger , stop supporting days .
We need to begin to act like compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a conversation that doesn 't just honor to honor , but also to do this instead of deficit , partners instead of competitive , competing instead of competing .
This is the idea that a country has been destroyed like Libya is needed to get peace .
Because peace is like the needle , it needs to be the interconnect between men and women .
That 's what 's really about .
And we need to create the rest of life before we do politics -- social .
In a poem in the Koran " Salam " -- " -- " is the word of God 's compassion , out of the word . "
And then , " from " Oh , " which is known in the traditional Abrahams of Abraham in the Arabia , " which is " born -- giving women a girl -- love for women -- their mother and women , from all tribes ,
And because of the embryonic cohes are developing in it , the sacred matrix of life .
So we 're taught to say , " Our tolerance is full of things . "
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance won the anger . "
TED gives us a grace of compassion .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I had gone through a little bit like Alice at the first magic .
Penn State University asked me , a teacher who taught a communication loan for technology .
I was very afraid .
It 's really fearful . It 's a big biosphere , and it 's all the strange words .
But when the open-taking exchange , I 've experienced the thing that Alice was experiencing her cave and she found a new world .
That 's just what I feel when I 'm talking about with students , I 've been surprised before their ideas , and I want other people to experience this first place .
I believe that the key to the door to the world is good communication .
We are incredibly effective with scientists and engineers to change the world .
Neuroscientist and engineers are the ones that are at the biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health , and more , if we don 't know and don 't understand that , then what 's going to be done , and
But the effective exchange can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't involving their home .
Books and engineers , eight shrubs with us .
I 'd like to share some of the mysteries to make sure that we saw his scientific science is seduction , sexy engineering , hot , hot .
The first question is : What ?
Why science is related to us .
Don 't just say you 've done the bone , which says you 've studied bone tissue , it 's the same like the grid that makes our bones because we need to understand the thin bone and treat .
When you describe science , let 's be careful when you use terminism .
The terminalo we understood his idea .
It 's probably said , " Putoria and hememoral , " but why don 't you use " Pollace and heart . "
It 's easy to understand that it 's not lower .
Instead , as the U-axis said : The more simple thing is , but don 't be simpler .
It 's clear that you can talk about scientific problems that don 't make a sense .
So care about giving you an example , storytelling , which is the ways to engage and make us interested in what you say .
And when the show , don 't use the headline .
Have you ever wondered why call them " head " head " ?
When 's his name ? Giving is eradication , killed , and they will kill his speech .
One slide like this , not boring , but it 's too much in the language of the brain region , that makes us chord .
Instead , this slide of Genevi Browne Brown actually understood more . It shows the special structure of the bone that it 's really inspired by the unique design of the pyramid .
And this trick is using simple questions and read audience can be based on that if they don 't keep up , and then use the visual images that help us understand .
I think this is just a few mysteries that help us open the door and see the god of science and technology .
My engineers worked with me to know the condoms , so I want to sum up with a process .
Take " science " except " and " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " -- " which is going to share with the audiences , " then " with " passion " which you 're going to make
And so on and engineers , engineers and engineers , when you solve this process , by everyone , say eight drilling to me .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Cameron Russe , and in the last time , I 'm a model .
Actually , in 10 years .
And I feel that there 's a uncomfortable pressure in this room because I 'm not going to wear this .
Luckily I had a different map .
This is the first time there 's a TED stage , so I think you 're very lucky to see this situation .
If some women feel frightened when I came up , you didn 't tell me where I heard right now , but then I would know Twitter .
I realize I 'm very lucky to change what you think about in 10 seconds .
Nobody has a chance to do this .
And these shoes are really uncomfortable , I 'm not going to bring them .
The worst part is this long-term shirt , because you can smile me , so don 't do anything at my head .
All right .
Why did I do that ?
It 's really weird .
In fact , hopefully it 's not so much like this .
It 's very strong , but it 's also a fake .
I just changed what you think about in six seconds .
And in this picture , I didn 't have any son in real life .
I felt very uncomfortable at the time , and photographer told me to go back and put his hair on his hair .
And of course , apart from surgery , or the sun lanes that I have two days ago to take , there 's a little bit of things that we can make to change our surface , and our appearance , even though it 's made
So today , with me , no fear of being real .
And I stood on this stage because I was a model .
I stood on this stage because I was beautiful , a white woman , and in the models , we call it a seduction girl .
And I 'll answer questions that people are always asking me , but with true .
The first question is , how do I become models ?
And I always said , " Oh , I 'm discovered , " but it doesn 't mean anything .
In fact , I 'm going to be a sample because I won the lottery , and I 'm a person who 's given the property , and maybe you 're wondering what the assets are .
In the last decades , we 've defined beauty is not only healthy and youth and the weight and the weight that we 've been programmed in biology to desire , the height , the sound and women , white and white .
This is what it 's been built for me , and that 's what I 'm looking for it .
I know that there are some of you who are skeptical , and maybe some of the models that are beautiful , like , " Wait one . Naoma . Joan Smalls . Liuen . "
I 'd like to make a sense of your models . It 's very impressive .
But unfortunately I have to show you in 2007 , a Ph.D. in New York University is statistics that all the models on the floor , and in 67 models are hired only 27 percent , less than four percent , not white .
The next question that people always ask me , " Can you be a model when you grow up ? "
And my first answer is : " You don 't know , you don 't charge the recruitment . "
But the next answer I really want to talk to these girls is , " Why ? "
You know ? You can be anyone .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or the poet , or a pavoganist , which will be great , because I 'll be the first person to do that . "
If , after an interesting list , they still say , " No , Cameron , I want to be a model , " then I 'll say , " How do you go . "
Because you don 't have any power , you can be the editor of Vogue in America or President of H & amp ; M , or Steven Me , or Steven Me .
I said I wanted to be a sample when I grew up as much as I wanted to win the ticket when I grew up .
It 's out of their control , and it 's great , but it 's not a career path .
I 'll prove to you -- with 10 years of experience that I 'm accumulated when it 's a sample , because it 's not the same with heart surgery , so just a quick time .
If photography is standing there , there 's a beautiful interface , and when the customers say , " Cameron we want to take a picture that 's walking , " So this legs go ahead , and this long-law , and this
Like this .
The hope is that it 's less than the picture .
I don 't know what happens in there .
It 's really unfortunately after you 're finished , you write a little bit of record and doing some things , you can 't say anything else , because if you say you want to be president of the United States , but Gésum
The next question that people always ask me , " Is it all the images that are correct ? "
That 's true , almost all of these images are correct , but it 's just a little element in the things that are happening .
This is one of the first images that I 've ever photographed , which is the first time I 've photographed the bathroom , and then I haven 't even had a whole story .
I know that we 're going into personal story , but I 'm a girl .
This is my appearance , and my grandmother took a few months ago .
This is me in the same day when you take a picture .
My friend went to me .
This is me at a few days ago when I photographed the picture of the French Logue .
This is me with the football team in V.
And this is me now .
I hope you see -- the images on the right is not my image .
That 's the images that are built up , and it 's built by a group of experts , the wigs , the wires , the pages , the photographer , and the pioneers , and all their assistants , and all their
The next question I 've been asked to ask people , " What are you for free ? "
I 've got a lot of little twins that I 've never brought , before I 've got , but the free stuff that I get is something that I have in real life , and that 's what we don 't want to
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to the store , and I forgot to take my money and they gave me free a shirt .
When she was a child , I sat in a friend of mine was a very scary driver and she passed the red light , and we were stopped , and all I did was say , " Sorry , " and we could go .
I have those free stuff that 's because I 'm not because I 'm and there are people who are willing to spend more money on their surface , not because who they are .
I lived in New York , and I was in the last year , in 140,000 adolescents , there was 86 percent of the black and Latin , the majority of teenagers .
In New York , there were only 177 thousand black and Laure , so for them , the question is , " Can I be caught ? "
" How many times are I going to be caught and when ? "
When I was preparing for this talk , I discovered that 53 percent of the 13-year-olds in the United States don 't like my body , and this numbers on 78 percent when they were 17 .
The final question that people ask me is , " How do you feel when it 's a sample ? "
I think what they want to hear is , " If you 're a little more thin , and your hair you 're more happy , you 're very happy and happy . "
And when we were at the chicken , we made the answer like this .
" It 's great to travel , and work with creative people , inspiring and passion . "
And that 's true , but it 's just half , because what we never talked about before the lens , what I never said before the lens , is : " I 'm safe . "
I 'm safe because I have to think about my images every day .
And you 'll never ask yourself " If your thigh and your hairer , you 'll be happier ? "
You just have to meet a group of models , because they have the best legs , the best hair and wearing the most beautiful objects , and they can be the most safe women on this planet .
When I write this talk , I feel very hard to find a balance , because one hand , I feel very uncomfortable when I say , " I have all this because I 'm lucky , " and feel really hard to follow the next sentence , but
But the thing is that it 's hard to break the world of sexuality and ethnic problems while I 'm one of the biggest benefits .
But I 'm also happy and honored up here that I think it 's lucky that I 've been in before 10 , 20 or 30 years , and I 've been working with a lot of companies in my career , because when I
If there 's something that comes back in this conversation , I hope it 's all that we 're all more comfortable with the power of the form of success and our failure .
Thank you .
There 's a lot of people around us that can help improve our lives .
We don 't touch each other , so there 's a lot of wisdom never known , whether we share public spaces .
So the last few years , I 'm trying to share a lot more with my neighbors in public space , using simple tools like paper , paper and pollen .
And these projects come from questions , like , what are my neighbor to pay for their apartment ?
How do we borrow and borrow more things that don 't type the house together ?
How do we share more than our memories of our wild buildings , and get better understanding our circumstances ?
And how do we share more than our hope for the bankers , so our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams now ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I love New Orleans .
My soul is always grabbed by the oaky trees , the governments are in love , the people who are in love , drunkers and the nightmares of hundreds of years , and I believe in the city that always creates
I felt like every time somebody grabbing , New Orleans had a journey .
The city has some beautiful architecture in the world , but it 's also some of the largest amount of value in America .
I live near this house , and I think how I can make it more beautiful for my neighborhoods , and I also think about something that can transform my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost a friend of mine .
Her name was Joan , and she was a mother for me , and her death is unexpected and not .
And I was thinking about a lot of death , and this makes me feel deep for the time that I had , and bring it clear to what I am .
But I 'm fighting to keep this angle in my daily life .
I feel like it 's easy to capture the last day , and forget something really meant to you .
So with the help of the old friends and new friends , I moved on to this building into this huge and car and caring it with a big deal with a series of glimpse : " Before I die , " I want to go ...
I didn 't know what to expect from this experiment , but on the next day , the wall was completely covered , and it went on .
And I want to share something about what people write on the wall .
" Before I die , I want to try to steal . "
" Before I die , I want to get my legs on the International Stone . "
" Before I die , I want to be singing for millions of people . "
" Before I die , I want to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live out of the face . "
" Before I die , I wanted to be holding her again . "
" Before I die , I want to be someone 's stigma . "
" Before I die , I want to be completely myself . "
So this concrete space has become a creation space , and hopeful of people who make me laughed up , and we comfort me during our hard time .
It 's about knowing that you don 't have one .
It 's about understanding people around us in new ways and farks .
It 's about creating space for reflecting , and remember what really means to us when we grow and change .
I made this project last year , and started getting hundreds of letters from people who wanted to make a wall in their community , so the people who were in the center , and I did a tool , and now the walls were made in the world ,
Together , we 've just shown our public spaces have power to be able to get the opportunity to have a voice and share more with a different person .
The most important thing we have is time and relationships with other people .
In the age of increase our distribution , it 's more important than ever ever before to find the angle of vision and remember that life is short and software .
The death is something that we often don 't get to say or even think about , but I 've been aware that death is one of the best power you can do .
Think about death makes your life clear .
Our spaces are shared with us can be better than reflecting about what happens to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fear and stories around us , we can help us make better places , they can help us
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I 've done math education , and this is a different problem for anyone to do any math , which is that we 're just like managers .
Nobody knows what we do .
So I 'm going to try to explain to you .
Well , dance is one of the activities that humans do .
We love the teachers of Police and Lapters you will see later .
It 's going to be a very special expert and high-tech process , and maybe the level of fit into this hormone .
It 's sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , as this special ability , as it 's happening to me Janrippling , who once a muman artist .
Over the last few years has huge improvement in treatment .
And yet , 6.3 million people on the globalized world , and they have to live in a debilitating situation , shaking , turbules and other symptoms come along with this disease . What we need to be tools for the
We need to measure progressively , and eventually , the only way we know when we actually have a political way , when we have an accurate method to answer certainty .
But depression is that with Parkinson 's disease and other disorders , they don 't have students , so there 's no simple blood test method that you can do , and the best thing we have is to test this neurological test .
You need to go to the hospital to do it . It 's very expensive , which means that this is beyond clinical trials , it 's never done .
But what if the patient can do this in the house ?
That 's really going to be free to the clinic , and if the patient can do it anymore , what ?
It doesn 't cost the gold of the staff .
That 's only about 300 dollars , to do this in the clinic at the Neuroscientist .
So what I want to propose to you is a traditional way that we can achieve this , because you see , at least in a direction , we 're all religious as Janrippling friends .
Here we have a video of the stigma that 's vibrating .
It 's healthy , and somebody 's talking about , and we can see ourselves as the tilters , because we have to engage all the sounds of sound when we make sound , and we all have the genes for responsibility . For example ,
It 's like three shacks it needs to be trained .
I mean , try to think of how long a child is talking about .
From the sound , we can actually track the stigma when vibration , when the details are affected by Parkinson 's , the sound systems are also .
So in the bottom-up graph , you can see an example of the extraordinary vibration of the wires .
We see the same symptom .
We see a shaking , tide and tangible .
And yet , it 's become more comfortable and more and more voices later , and it 's one of the symptoms of it .
Now these sound effects can actually be hard to detect , but with any digital media , but with any amount of engineering , and using the ability to determine exactly the most new machine , which is going to determine how accurate people say , in the middle of
So how does it work based on this voice comparison with a clinical trial ? All two don 't involving each other .
The experience of neuroscience is not involving . They all use the infrastructure .
You don 't have to design a new hospital system to do this .
And it 's all about it . But it 's a thing , and it 's going to be based on the voice that doesn 't matter .
It means it can be done .
The speed , only about 30 seconds .
The low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something gets very cheap , it 's going to be popular .
So this is a great number that I think we can do now .
We can reduce the hard time for patients .
It 's not going to go to the clinic .
We can do the observations with high frequency to get data .
We can do a lot of money with low cost to do clinical trial , which is in the population that is possible in this first time .
We have opportunity to start looking for the beginning of the diseases before it 's too late .
So to do the first step towards this , we 're giving up the process of using Parkinson 's .
With Aculab and PatiLMy , we aim at documenting a very large amount of time to collect data and starting to process four goals .
We have local communities that can access to three percent of a billion people on the planet .
Anyone healthy or Parkinson 's disease can call it cheap , and to record , some cents per time , and I 'm really happy to get six percent of the target only eight hours in eight hours .
Thank you .
Tom Riely : So Max , by taking all the models for 10,000 people , can you tell who healthy and who ?
What are you going to conclude from these models ?
Max Little : Yeah . Well , what happens is , when you 've got to be clear you 've got to be sick .
You see , some people can 't do that . They can 't call it .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of data , collects from all different schools , and the results are in different cases are important because then we look at certain elements , and search for the fact of this disease .
So what is the right level of 86 percent ?
Moreover than that .
In fact , my students Thanasis , I have to compose him , because he 'd done some great work , he 'd shown you that this can actually be done through the mobile phone , which allows this project to be done ,
Nine nine . Well , a progress .
So , what that means is that everyone would be possible — People can call their mobile phone and do this test , and people who have Parkinson 's disease , document their voice , and then physicians can test their progress , see their health as
It 's accurate .
Thank you very much . Han Pittlele .
Thank you very much , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is the Southern Southern : the wine store , fast food .
So the city planes come together and they 're going to change the Southern China , so they transform the South Langles , as it 's going to solve problems that are actually happening in the city .
This is South Los Angeles .
Being alcohol , fast food , wild soil .
Like 265 million American Americans , I live in a food desert , Louthern Los Angeles , the house of the L.A. , the house of the hobby , the house of the schooling of a fast food and the car
What 's interesting is that fast food on the street is killing more people than the accident .
In Southern Los Angeles , people are dying because diseases can be treated .
For example , obesity in my region is five times more than Beverly Hills Hill , where about 16 kilometers away .
I 'm bored by seeing this happen .
And I ask myself , how do you feel when there 's no real food for health , when each time you get out of your door , when you have to see bad effects that the food systems make for where you live ?
I see the wheelchair buying like the old car .
I see blood vessels grow up like Starbucks .
And I realized it had to stop .
I realize that the problem is solutions .
The food is the problem and food is solutions .
For me , I 've got tired of driving 45 minutes just to buy a bold apple .
What I 've done is to plant a food forest in front of the house .
It 's on a range of Earth that we call a walk .
It 's larger than three feet long .
The problem is , it 's about the city .
But you have to keep it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . "
And this is how I keep that piece .
I came together with my team , L.A. , we 'd gathered and started planting food : food , you know , nine kinds of plants .
We 're a group of sharing work , including people who make gardens from many different lives , from everywhere in the city , and they 're completely volunteers , and everything we do free .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
And then there 's the complain .
The city went to me , and the general is giving me a writer , asking me to break the garden . That 's after this became a building .
And I said , " Come on , well ? "
And most of the building because of the trees on the ground that people don 't care ? "
And I said , " Okay . Take this . "
Because this is no longer .
And then the L.A. Times received , Steve Lopz wrote a article about it , and they talked to the clock , and then one of the members of the green pieces of the green land send a paper on Change.org.
We had a winner in the hand .
It 's even called and say they 're chatting and interested in what we 're doing .
I mean , why don 't it ?
L.A. led to the U.S. in the U.S. in the country of the wilder city .
They own 42 kilometers of square kilometers away .
Similarly with 20 times the center .
enough to plant 725 million tomato trees .
How can they not agree ?
Tow one tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seed .
When the green amount of green is going to give you the amount of product for 75 dollars .
That 's my Germany , when I tell people , let 's grow food .
Drag food gives me the same thing .
I have heritage in Southern China .
I grew up there . I taught my son there .
And I rejected one part of the real thing that made this , which was made to me by some other people . And I was creating real .
I 'm a artist .
Walk is my art . I grow my work .
It 's the same as a artist , the person for the walls , I , I , I 'm a moment for the lawns , walking .
I use the garden , the land as a canvas , and plant trees and trees are what I 've got to have a cloth .
You 're going to be surprised with what the land can do if you turn them into a cloth .
You can 't imagine how beautiful the oceans are and how they affect people .
So what happened ?
I witnessed my garden as a education tool , a tool for the transformation of my land .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the soil .
We are soil .
You will be surprised when you see how kids are affected .
Wind garden is the best and the challenge that you can do , especially in the city .
And again , you have a straw .
I remember once , there 's a mother and daughter , at the time that 's about 10 : 30 night and they 're in my garden , and then I go out and they 're very embarrassing .
I thought , well , I felt very bad because they were there , and I said to them , two people know , don 't have to do that .
This garden is on the street .
I felt embarrassed when I saw people in the last way that I was still hungry , and that just reinforced the reason for me to do this . People asked me , " Fin , you don 't fear your food ? "
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid they 'll steal .
So they were in the street .
All the idea is that .
I want them to take them , but at the same time , I want them to get their health . "
There 's another time when I went into a homeless area in Los Angeles center .
There are some men , they help me to disasters from the truck .
It 's fun , and they share the stories of the garden affecting them and they 've been planted with her mother , and it was great to see this idea that changed them , even though it was just for a moment .
So green pieces have continue to grow about 20 pieces .
We 've got about 50 people to go to the digging , and we 've all been a volunteer .
If they grow the carpage , they 're going to eat the car .
If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
But if no one shows them , if they don 't see the effects of food to the mind and the body , they blind whatever it 'll eat before .
I see young people who want to work , but they 're busy at something -- I see the colorful kids , and they 're just going to follow the path , which doesn 't lead to .
With gardens , I see a chance that we can lead their communities , and there 's a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows ?
Maybe we will produce George Washington Carver next .
But if we don 't change the part of the soil , we 'll never do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I want to do .
I want to grow a piece of a garden where people can share food .
I want to take away thetennaes and turn them into coffee .
Don 't understand me .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because it 's not sustainable .
What 's interesting about sustainability is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about communication , and I 'm talking about people , and I 'm going to get kids out of the street , and tell them the joy of joy and honor to grow my food , open to farmers .
What I 'd like to do here , we 'll do this .
I want all of us to be green-positive , the poves of the gloves .
We 'll change the notion of gloves .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a glue .
How do you get your glove , right ?
And let 's turn it into the weapons you choose .
It 's basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet , don 't call me if you want to sit on the stunning chair and participate in your meeting where you talk about doing this where you talk
If you want to meet me , let 's go out to your shirt , and you 'll grow something .
Good morning . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya 's Nairobi park .
The back of me is my father 's cow , and behind the cow , is the Nairobi park .
Country Nairobi doesn 't get barrier in the south region , which means that wild animals like the horses out of free park .
And so the animals eat meat as lions follow them , and this is what those lions do .
They kill our animals .
This is one of the cow was killed at night , and when I woke up in the morning I found it was dead , and I felt very sad , because it was the only male that we had .
My community , Maasai , believe that we come from heaven with all our animals and all the land to keep them , that 's why we 're very important .
So I grew up with lions .
The Masaiian fighters protect us and cattle , are also concerned about this problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is why lions in the Nairobi parks are very small .
Every son from six to nine years old , in my community , responsible for my parents , and I have to do the same thing .
So I have to figure out how to solve this problem .
The first idea that I had is to use fire , because I think lions .
But then I realized that fire doesn 't really work , because it 's even helping to show the cow .
But I don 't leave . I continue to think .
And my second idea is to use this .
I tried to deceive those lions [ into the ] thought I stood near the cow .
But lions are very smart .
They go to the first day and look at the gorgeous , and then they go back , but the second day , they come and say it 's not moving , it 's always there .
And then lions jump in and kill the animals .
So in one night , I held a tide around the cow , on the cow , on that day , those lions don 't come .
I discovered that lions are moving .
So I had a idea .
Since I was a little girl , I used to work in my room at all day , and I even opened the radio of my mother 's radio , and she was almost killed me , but I learned a lot about electricity .
So I took a battery-quy automobile cars a lake box , and it was a little device that was found in the automobile and it helping people drive the car when they wanted to turn the left or flap . It blam
And I have a switch to turn off and open the light .
And that 's a little lightbulbs from the battery of a broken battery .
And I install things .
As you can see , solar cells use for battery , and battery-quarters of the energy supply . I call it the camera .
And the clock is measuring it for light .
As you can see , the light bulbs are outside , because it 's the molecular direction .
And that 's how light reflects on lions when they come to night .
The lightbulbs switch off and deceiving lions make them think that I 'm walking around the cow , but actually I 'm sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
I installed it in my house two years ago , since then , we didn 't meet any problem with lions .
My family heard about this idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had a lot of animals killed , and she asked me if I could help her build electricity .
I said , " Yes . "
So I install the light bulbs . You can see there in the back , they 're lions .
So now , I 've been building seven families in my community , and they all work .
Now my idea has been used in Kenya to get rid of different animals like hyena , journalism , and it 's also used to threat the farms of people 's farm .
And by this invention , I 've been lucky to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , the National School of urgency , and I 'm really excited about this .
My new school is starting to help by raise and improve the perception .
I even led my friends about our community , and we install the light bulbs for the families that don 't access it and I teach them how to install them .
One year ago , I was just a little boy in the cowboy , for my father , I 'd seen the fly machines , and I said to myself that one day , I 'll be sitting in it .
And I 'm here today .
I 've got a chance to go here with the first time to go to TED .
My greatest dream is to be a plane and non-pressed engineer .
I 'd hate lions , but now because my invention is saving the cow from her father and lions , we can live with lions without any conflict .
Ashol . In my language , it means thankfully .
I don 't know that it 's interesting to hear her story .
So you have this scholarship . Yes .
I 'm doing things about electricity .
What 's next to your list ?
How are you going to make a fences . How are the fences ?
I know that the barrier was invented , but I wanted to make her own .
I tried , right , and I ... I tried it before , but I stopped with electric shock .
Richard Turkey is different .
We 're going to be able to get you on the street , you 're little .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do is , and what I 'm doing is -- my life -- that 's formed in seven years of working in Africa when children are young .
From 1977 -- I looked at 1977 -- I didn 't -- -- I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria , Algeria , in Somalia , in the engineering projects of Africa
I worked for the NGOs and each project we created in Africa failure .
I 've been very dressed .
In the age of 21 , I think , people are good , and we are doing good at Africa .
But instead , we killed everything we hit .
The first project , which inspired my first book , " The light-sized waves from Zambzi , " which is a project in which people decided to teach Zambia .
So we 're in Zambia with the seed grains of water in a beautiful valley in the rivers of Zambbzi , and we taught people to grow a tomato society and Italy .
Of course , people are not interested in doing this , so we pay for them , and sometimes they go to work .
We 're really surprised about local people , in the color valley like this .
But instead of asking them not to grow anything , we simply say , " Thank God for us here . "
" Just keep saving Zambia from hunger . "
And of course , everything in Africa is good .
We have very amazing tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato product just about this . In Zambia , it 's big to this .
It 's hard to believe , and we tell the Zambia , " People who look at the farms are not . "
When the tomatoes started to achieve , nine , and there 's just one night , about 200 galaxies code from the rivers and cleaning all .
We said to Zambia , " Oh my God , the galaxy ! "
And people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow anything there . "
" So why don 't people tell us before ? " " Do you ask . "
I thought there 's one person who 's just naughty on Africa , but then when I look at what the American Americans are doing , the French people are doing , the French people who are doing , and after watching what they do ,
Because , you see , just we 're also feeding our galaxy .
You should look at something like this -- you should look at something that we 've given to the African Africans don 't see .
You want to read some books , read " The Academy of Tamisa , " written by Damisa , an economist Zambia .
The book was done in 2009 .
We , Western nations have brought in Africa two billion American continent in the past 50 years .
I 'll not tell you the damage that the money has cause .
Let 's read her book .
Reading it from an African woman , the damage that we have cause .
The Westerners like we are people in the nationalism , food , and we only have two ways to deal with people : or protect , or protect them .
The two words have the origin of Latin , " which means " father . "
They bring two different meaning .
Protective , I 'm dealing with anyone from another culture as they are . " I love them . "
Protective , I 'm dealing with everyone from a different culture as I am .
That 's why the white person in Africa is called "wana , " democracy .
I 'd like to get in the face of reading the book , " Pengue , " written by Schumacher , say , all of the economic growth , if others don 't need to help them .
This should be the first rule of aid .
The first rule of aid is respect .
This morning , who organized this meeting set up a floor , and said , " Can we -- imagine -- a city without a new democracy ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to respond to everyone and I 've created a system called Environmental Envilation , where you 're not going to start anything you never motivated to motivate , but become a
So what you do is -- the mouth .
Don 't bring up a community with ideas , you sit with the terrain .
We didn 't work from office .
We met a meeting in coffee . We asked the wine .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we 've done is to be the friends of each other , and find out what they want to do .
The most important thing is hope .
You can give someone an idea .
If somebody doesn 't want to do that , what do you do ?
The desire of women have the growth of the most important thing .
The desire of men 's growth is the most important thing .
And we help them go to search for understanding , because nobody in the world can be successful .
People have no idea that there 's no idea , but understanding always works .
So many years ago , I had this idea : Why don 't we , just once , instead of a community , to a community , and tell people , what should we do , listen , listen to them once ? But not in public meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem in community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never come up , and they don 't have any life to tell you , in the community meeting , what they want to do with their money , the opportunity they figure out .
So planning has a blind spot .
The most wise people in the community have never known because they don 't come to the public meetings .
What we 've done is we 've been working on one-one-positive and doing that , you have to make a social structure that doesn 't exist .
You have to create a new discipline .
A new discipline like a family doctor for business , the family 's family 's family for eating , sitting with you in your home , at the table , at the kitchen , and help you find resources to make your hopes to make your
I started as an experiment in Eperan , Australia .
I 'm in the philosopher at the time , trying to get away from the junk of this crap is coming and tell you what to do .
So what I 've done in the first year in Estperance is only on the street , and in three days , I have my first clients who have a hammer in the garage , named Mao , and I help him sell
And I help those individuals who know how to work together and sell these perfect tuna , not for the box in Albanese with 60 cohors , but we found how to sell them to Japanese to 15 dollars a sign , and then then
In one year , I had 27 projects and the government 's government to find , " How do you do that ?
How do you do -- " And I said , " I 've done a very hard job .
I silence , and listen to them . "
So -- should the government tell me , " Go . "
We did this in 300 communities around the world .
We 've done 40,000 jobs .
There 's a new business generation of people who are exhausted for her .
Peter Ducker , one of the biggest problems in history , died when 96 , a few years ago .
Peter Dr. Ducker is a philosophical professor before working with business , and this is something that Peter Ducker said , " Hoffender doesn 't like a society and a business economy . "
The Heart is the death rate for entrepreneurs .
So right now you 're reconstructing Christchurch without knowing that the most wise people in Christchurch wanted to do what their money 's money .
You have to learn how to get these people to talk to you .
You have to get them to the security , private , you have to be really excited when they help them , and they go , in the crowdsourced .
With a population 10,000 people , we can have about 200 clients .
Can you imagine a 400,000 people 's community , smartphone and aspirations ?
What 's the talk you 're clapping in this morning ?
Treens , people who want . That 's the people you 've clapping .
So what I 'm talking about is business is where it works .
We 're at the final stage of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel sources of the L & amp ; the producers can 't replicate , and suddenly we have these systems .
The engine is not sustainable .
The Foreal line to store things that are not sustainable .
What we have to look at is how we do to feed , treat , education , education , move and communication for seven billion people in sustainability .
There is no technology .
Which NGO will make a technology for green revolution ? forget !
Go ahead !
That 's what they 're doing today .
There 's a very fun story that I read on a lot of years ago .
There 's an expert involving into the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in 1860 , groups of people come together , and guess what happens to New York City in the next 100 years , and the conclusion that New York City will not exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they look at the curve and say , if the population has grown in this rate , to move a population of New York City 's city , they have to take six million horses , and the waste from six million hors
They will be flooded in the horse .
So in 1860 , they saw this technology that made life in New York City .
So what happened ? In the last 40 years , at the age of 1900 , at the United States , there 's about 1,100 companies that produce cars -- 1,1001 .
The idea of looking for a different technology has been completely beyond all of the time and there are very small factory in a stagnetic situation .
Dearborn , MIigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to bring them secret .
No , they don 't go to you .
And then you have to bring them a great service , separate and love .
And then you have to tell them about business .
The small company , the biggest company , has to have three great things : The product you want to sell to the best , you have to have a perfect promotion strategy , and you have to have a perfect financial managers .
Think about this ?
We 've never met an individual in the world , who can make it , sell it and manage money at the same time .
That doesn 't exist .
This animal has never been born .
We did a study , and we looked at 100 companies in the world of Carnegie Carnegie , West Edison , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all companies in the world have , one thing that is : No company started with one person .
Now we 've taught about business in the age of age 16 in North Zumberland , we started the classroom by giving them two first pieces of Richard Bannson , and work for these 16 years old , in the first two pages of
There 's no word " I , " and " we " have 32 times .
He didn 't start one .
KH : Nobody started a company . Nobody .
So we can create a community where there are people who have an experience of business models of a little business model sitting in coffee , alcohol , alcohol , and you 're going to get you to make you something that somebody who 's going to talk
What can you do ?
Okay , can you sell it ? Can you manage money ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do this . " Do you want me to find somebody else for you ? "
We activated communities .
We have groups of volunteers helping Enterpress Facre Facitator , they help find resources and human beings and human beings and we discover that the invention of the intelligence of the intelligence of human intelligence as something like you can challenge
Thank you .
Until the third month , 2011 , I 've made an image in New York City .
We are green creatures .
In the dark room doesn 't windows , and general is avoiding sun .
We adjusted the thinner , the more beautiful skin , the more beautiful thing that can 't be possible , and it 's always received the critic , but we also have financial artists with many years of experience and understand actually about images and photography
In September 11 , I was watching the world in the house , I saw tragic events in Japan .
And then , I 'd like to participate in All Handons Voluneers , in a few days that 'd come to the end of the effort .
I , hundreds of volunteers understood that not only sit at home , so I decided to go together with them during three weeks .
On September 13th , I went to the town .
It 's a small village of Iwate , with about 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunami .
The water here 's been recorded to over 24 meters , and over three miles deep in the land .
Maybe imagine , town has been destroyed .
We pull the broken pieces from the channel , the hole .
We clean up schools , toilets , toilets , which are ready for innovation and rehabilitation .
We clean up the heart attack and we stain from the local system .
We heterosexuals , but everyone 's fun .
In weeks , volunteers and local people find something .
They search for images and album and camera images and SDD .
All right .
They 've been collecting and discussing them in places around the markets .
It 's not about that moment that I 've shown these images are a very large part of this person .
When they run the waves , they have left all the time , all the things that are left behind .
And at the end of the week , I went to help a movement center in town .
I 've got to clean water hot water hot water , a giant bath .
It 's also a place where the mobile center has been working with images .
This is where people communicate them , and that day I took my honor , because they believed I allowed me to clean images .
It 's really sexually and excitement . I 've heard of a glimpse , but when I really experience this new miracle .
When I look through images , there 's a few more pictures that have been more than a hundred years old , some still in the envelope from my lab . I think , I think , is an edited person that I can fix and
So that night , I went to Facebook and asked some people , and I got a lot of positive feedback , I knew I had to go to work .
We started repairing these images .
This is the first one .
It doesn 't break up , but there 's no water that 's gathered her face , which has to be repaired with exactly the right degree and the chimpanzees .
If you don 't , the girl in the form is not going to look like you , and it 's really bad to be bad like a photographic picture .
In time , very lucky , many images are made , and they need more editing people , so again , I went on Facebook and LinkIn , in the year , I found 80 people who wanted to help 12 different countries .
For two weeks , I had 150 people wanted to participate .
In Japan , in August , we opened up the neighborhoods of Rikuzakak , far beyond the north to the Yaman town .
Every week , we installed our scanning device in the temporary library , which has been built before , so people come back to our images .
The older women are sometimes not seeing the scanner , but after 10 minutes , looking for our photograph , giving us to scan them , uploading a cloud , to download a cloud , to download up by a spin , a strange person in the world
It 's spent time to restore the state as a completely different story , and it 's clearly dependent on the metaphor of the picture .
It can lose a moment . It can lose a week .
It can lose months .
The needle ofo in this picture is almost made by hand , or poured , from color and details have no harmony .
It takes time .
Now , all of these images have been damaged , drowned in salt water , covered in the water , covered in bacteria , sometimes in the oil , during a while they 're going to continue to dismissed . So clean it is
We can 't fix if we don 't get clean , dry and clean up .
We 've met with cleaning images .
There 's a great woman who has led us .
It 's very easy for these images .
The Wynne 's team said , " It 's like tattoos for somebody .
You don 't have wrong opportunities .
The woman gives us these images that have been lucky , when they can be restored .
She was cleaning themselves and stop when she realized she was doing a lot more harmful .
She also had a picture .
If not , the places like her husband and her face , it 'll never be able to get them together , just put them together in a different picture , and make the whole picture .
When she received images from us , she 've shared a little bit of stories .
And these pictures were given to her husband 's colleagues found at a fire , between the broken pieces in the long way that there was destroyed , and they found him .
The day happened , he was responsible for the gods .
He had to go back to the water when he populated .
Two little boys , not even smaller , two boys are at school , two different schools .
One is stuck in the water .
Lessage , she found them and knew they all had survived .
I paid her one day was the day of the youngest son of 14 years old .
For her , after all , these pictures are perfect gifted to him , something that can look back , to the past , not have been afraid of the day since the day , when it 's all of the time , when the whole life is
After six months in Japan , 1.,100 volunteers have been involved in Al Hands , and hundreds of people have been cleaning over 135,000 images , big — — — — — — the majority of the number of images that have
More than hundreds of global volunteers have given to more than 90 families , hundreds of images that have been completely rested and repaired .
In this time , we didn 't spend a thousand dollars for equipment and materials , most of the cost of the print .
We took a picture .
Every picture of someone or something , a place , a relationship , a love .
They 're our memories and our story , the final thing we 're holding up , and also the first thing we 're going to go back to find .
That 's the meaning of this project , restore the small pieces of humanity , bring the connections to someone .
When a picture like this is paid , it will make a huge shift in human life .
The project also creates a huge difference in the life of people 's life .
For some people , they 've been connected to something big , for something , for something , for something else , for something else for something else is a thinner and the skin .
I want to read a email to end this talk . I 'mailed from Cindy , a person who 's going to fix me , sending me back in Japan after six months later .
" When I work , I can 't think about each other and stories contain in images .
There 's a picture , a picture of women in the house , from old to young people , gathered around a baby , and I had a same picture because I had a similar picture , her mother , my mother , my mother , and
On the other side , whether our basic needs is the same , right ? "
Thank you .
I 'm in close to 50 feet below a grammar in Ghana .
It 's extremely hot air , and it 's very hard to breathe .
I can feel touching the touch of my body sweat across the dark , but nothing .
I heard the voice , but it 's the whole thing that 's the mix of the grammar and the rock is broken by the primitive tools .
Like everyone , I 'm wearing a cheap battery on the head , it 's attached to the old condoms , I can 't look at the shaking themselves against the wall of 0.282 feet in the ground .
When my skip , I remember the new mine who had met a few days before had failed to fall down on the tunnel .
When I talk to you today , these people are still in deep in that hole , risk of life without food or labor , and often die .
I 've been climbed out of that hole , but they 'll never get home , because there 's been a slave .
In the last half years , I 've been collecting local documentation in 70 countries on the continent , and in 2009 , I 've been honored to be the only exhibition at the top of the Vancouver .
In some amazing tales I met there , I met a support for the Santa Captain , an NGO 's members of the modern slavement .
We started talking about slavement , and actually , I started to figure out about slave because I knew that it was in the world , but not there .
After the talk , I 've seen terrible and shame because of this deprivation in my life , and I think , if I don 't know , how many people will not know ?
It started caring careers , so some weeks later , I flew to Los Alngles to meet the president of Santa Casses and suggesting them .
And then we started the journey in the modern world .
It 's strange that I 've come to the majority of these places .
Some places I think as my home .
But this time , I want to see the fact that there 's been covered .
Onean-home wish we knew that there were more than 27 million people turned into the world today .
That 's the number of people who get out of Africa during the slave trade of the Atlantic .
150 years ago , a slave has three times the price of an American workers .
Similarly with 50,000 dollars today .
But today , many families have been slave across many generations of debt .
It 's amazing , slave trade more revenues than 13 billion dollars per year in the world .
A lot of people are deceived by the promise of good education , better work , just to see that I 've been working under the violence , and no escape .
Santa today 's service for commercial , goods that have value , but people make them look like waste .
It 's almost like any place in the world , though it 's illegal in every place .
In India and Nepal , I got to a brick .
It 's a beautiful situation like this in Egypt or the hell of Dante .
It 's covered in more temperature than 54 degrees C , men , women , children , children , all the families , being covered in the blindness , made like the camera , put on the head , to 18 hours , and bring them from
It 's tieved by the rhythm and exhausting , and they 're quiet , and over and over 16 hours a day .
There 's no food , now to eat , because it 's very serious about getting diabetes .
It 's going to spread around the camera where my camera is hot to be able to touch the stop .
For 20 minutes , I have to go back to the campaign to clean the device and to make them work under the recovery temperature , and when I sit there , I think , my camera is better than those other people .
Let 's go back to the oven , I just want to cried , but the person in the middle of the slavement , and I say , " Lisa , don 't do that . Don 't do that .
He explained that emotions are very dangerous in this place , not with me , but with them .
I couldn 't live for them .
I didn 't give them money , nothing .
I 'm not the citizens .
I can put them into a worse situation where they are .
I have to be based on the Santa Captain to work in the system , and I believe they can .
For me , I have to wait for my home to really feel pain .
In the Himalayas , I see the kids who get rock across many miles of the mountains down to the truck in the bottom .
The little rocks are more heavy than the kids carrying them , the kids pick up them up by using the stickers from the stick , the rope .
Betweeney : It 's so heavy .
How can we make this monkeys , the other thing that happens ?
Some people don 't even know what they 're being slave , they work 16 , 17 hours a day , because they only know that .
They have nothing to compare .
When this village requires freedom , their cleaners .
These people don 't have , they die , they want to go to the top , but women in the middle of the town and say people who keep up , and those who are in the desertification , helping them get their own rocks ,
We often think about sexual slave trade when I hear from the slave , " and because of this common perception , I 'd been very hard to work safe in this particular industry .
In Kathmandu , I 've been inspired by women who used to be sex .
They lead me down the staircase downstairs , in the sharp light .
It 's not the land .
It 's more like a restaurant .
The bugs , as they 're known as in the industry , are the locations of racism .
Each place has a little room , where slave , women , women , kids and girls , a seven-year-old new age , being forced to get a living , they buy alcohol and eat .
It 's a little bit of sleep and dark and dark , it 's found by the paint of paint on the wall by the curtain and the curtain .
The person who 's used to be abused of sexuality under the clients .
Stand in the last night , I remember the fear of fear , and that moment , I just understood in the hell is how .
There 's just one way : the staircase I go .
There is no climate store .
There 's no big window that comes out .
These people don 't have any escape , when we 're talking about the hard topic , need to remember that slave , including the slave of sex , also happening in where we live .
There are tens of thousands of people who are slave in agriculture , in the restaurants , and I 'm wrong in the house , and list are long .
Recently , the New York Times announced that 100,000 to 300,000 children of the American children were sold to sexual slave each year .
It 's around us . We just don 't see it .
The textile industry is often thought of when they heard about slavement .
I went to a lot of villages in India , where many families were slave in silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hand is the father , the green hands and red was his son .
They mix it in big boxes , and they put silk into that service to the arm , whether it was very toxic .
My version was telling their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But there 's still a day that can leave out of this house and where we go to the other place where we 're paid the dye . "
That 's more than 4,000 children doing slave Volta , the largest human lake .
The first time , I went through a turn .
I see the scene like a family on the boat , two boys , a few little boys , a little more small , what does it look like ?
They 're slave .
Children get out of their family , trade and lose , and they 're not going to stop at this boat , though they don 't know swimming .
This child is eight .
And she shaking our boat to come close , and the fear of the boat through her little tone .
He was terrified because he went to the water .
The broken branches in Volta 's grave often come into a fish network , and the kids who are just tired of being pushed into water .
Many of them drowned .
What you remember is , you 're being done at the lake .
That 's the fear of democracy , and I don 't run away , and because they 've been so bad from the small , they 're going to go down to that little slavement .
I met these boys at five o 'clock in the morning , when they 're pulling the final network , but they 've worked from a.m.
In the dark night of the wind .
It takes an idea that these two kilos are almost 500 kilogs when they 're full .
I want to introduce Ki to you .
Kifi is saved from a village .
I met him in the support area that the Santa Captain 's Santa Clauded victims .
Where I 'm going to show up in the oculus , and there 's a lot of water on the head , and it 's great news , when you 're sitting and I sit here today , Kifi has been
Kifi is the ability of the ability .
How are you going to be a person if you stand up and change your life ?
The car in Ghana , also the colleagues in Ghana , the colleagues in the Santa Claus , one friend of one friend who 's belonging to the caring to the car , and we typing into the door .
He told us to go on the street in the forest .
In the end of the street , he urges us to leave the car , and he said to the car .
And then just in this blown and said , " This is the way , this is the way . Go . "
Go in that way , we put the wires , and after about one hour of the forest , the trace was drowned in the back of the rains , so I used a camera on the head when we went down to the chest
After two hours of tilt , the trap around the unexpected end of the land , and before our eyes are a very large area of the entire football field , they 're full of slave workers .
Many women in the back of the back of the gold , and they go through the bank .
Tum being used in extracting .
These mines are slave in the mines of Ghana in a other area of Ghana .
When they go out of the basement , they 're wet by their own sweat .
I remember looking at the red eyes , their tired , because many people were under 72 hours .
The basics come into the whole hundred meters , they get up to the thylacines to move them to the other area , where the rock was crushed to take gold .
Look , football schools seem to be full of healthy people , but when they look close , there are much less lucky to work in extreme situations , there are children .
They were victims of damage , disease and violence .
In fact , a lot of people who are going to end up with this person , they 're going to be like this person , they 're going to get rid of the end of the day .
This is Manuru . When his father died , he was given to the work .
When people lose , Manuruan 's debt of debt , and they 're forced to slave in this mini more long .
When I met , he worked 14 years in the mines , and the wound in the legs that you see is from a accident in mini , a heavy leg to the physician said he had to saw .
On top , Manuru was done , but it was still working on the day at that mines .
Anyway , he still dreamed freedom to go to the help of local activists like Santa Creating , and determines like this , on the face of strangers , making me filling up .
I want to slave the light .
When I was working in this field , I brought a lot of candle , with the help of the version of the version of the version of the version , I had to take a picture that I wanted to take the story , and then when they
They know their shape will be seen by the people there , like you .
I want them to know that we 're going to prove to them , and we will do anything that can help them change their life .
I really believe , if we watch people like those of them , it 'll be very hard to drilling to drill crimes like slave .
The images are not about myself . They 're about people , people , people , like you and me , all deserves that are equal to each other , honor and respectful .
There 's no day that I don 't think about these great people who are bumped up . I have a big honor to meet them .
I hope these images are going to form a strong source of people , people like you , and hopefully that power will hit the fire , that fire , because there 's no light , the hell of hell , because there 's no light , the
Thank you very much .
