When I was a little , I thought that NorthTrr was the best country in the world and I often sing the " We don 't have toy . "
I was proud of my country .
In the school , we spent a lot of time learning about the president of the Venus Jungarian , but not to learn a lot about the outside world , except the United States and Japan is our enemies .
And although I 've been asking myself how the world is , but I think I 've been living in NorthTr , until everything suddenly changed .
When I was seven , I saw the scene that people were running the first time in my life , but I still think my life was completely normal .
My family was not poor , and I was not yet starved .
But in one day of 1995 , my mother brought home a letter from a sister who was together with mother .
And there 's a write : When you read these lines , the five-year-old family has no longer been on this life , because the home has no to eat in two weeks .
All of us are on the floor , and our bodies are weak , and we can see that as dead is very close .
I was shocked .
So that was the first time I knew that my cell was suffering .
Not long after that , when I went through a station , I saw a great scene that I never forgot about .
On the station is the dead star of a two-person , still hug a little bit of a baby , and she 's just looking at her face .
But nobody has to help them , because all is concerned about themselves and family .
In the mid- 90s , North Korea had gone through a serious hunger victims .
It made more than a million Korea died in hunger , and many people survived to eat lawns , pading and the shell .
The more electricity that happens in the world , so everything around me is all drowning in the dark dark , except the light from the Chinese only way I 'm a river .
I 'm always asking myself why they have electricity , we don 't .
This is a photograph from North Korea taken night with the same water around .
This is the Asian Aspire that it is a natural border between North Korea and China .
Maybe it 's a very small river that has a very small , so some of the North Korea , the secret to China .
But many of you have died .
And I saw them in the river .
I cannot talk about how I 've hiding from North Korea , how could just say that in the years of the hard to starve that I was sent to China to live with a long-term people .
I thought I would have to go to a short time .
I never could imagine that I 'm going to go out to 14 years .
In China , she was a little bit cups from her family as I was very difficult .
I didn 't imagine what happened to a refugee from North Korea , how soon I realized it was not very difficult , but it was very dangerous , because the refugee people from North Korea were considered to be considered to be the left to the
I 'm always living in a very often fear that my identity is going to be discovered , and I 'm going to be paid back to the old life in North Korea .
One day , that nightmare was a realm , I was being seen as Chinese police police and brought to the police to the table .
Someone was told them that I was North Korea , so they were checking my Chinese and asked me a lot of questions .
I was very afraid , and I felt like my heart was going to explode .
Because if they see something that doesn 't naturally , I 'll be sent to prison and then pay about water .
I think my life is here , but I 'm still trying to control my emotions and answer their questions .
After done , one of the two police told the other , this is a point of point .
It 's not North Korea . "
And they released me . It was a magic .
Some North Korea in China had come to the foreign ambassadors to get refugee camps , but many of them were caught by China and paid back to the water .
These girls were very lucky .
Because although it was caught , but eventually learned to be released by the international community .
But North Korea did not be lucky .
Every year , there were no North Korea that was caught in China and paid back in the country where they were tortured , or being deployed .
Whereas I was very lucky , because I was released , many of my colleagues were not .
The North Korea had to cover their identity and struggle to exist as a tragedy .
Even though they learned Chinese and found a job , their life could be completely disconnected in a moment .
That 's why after 10 years of the list I decided to do a lot of risk I decided to do to go to South Korea , to start a new life again .
It 's going to be more difficult than I imagine .
Because in Korea , English has a very important place , so I started to learn English , my third language .
I also realized that there was a huge distance between South and North Korea .
We 're all North Korea , but we 've become very different from 67 years of cut .
I 've been through a crisis of my origins .
I am South Korea or North Korea ?
Where am I coming ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , I don 't have a country to be proud of as the country .
Even though to adapt to the life in Korea , it 's not a bit easy , but I 've created a plan .
And started learning to be prepared for college .
However , as soon as I 've been doing with life here , I 've been announced a terrible news .
North Korea had discovered the number of money that I sent home , and , to punish , they would start my family to move back to a rural area .
Let them quickly get out of that , I started to plan my family to get out .
North Korea had to cross the distance that seemed to be unimaginable to freedom .
Because the border from North Korea to South Korea almost impossible , so I had to fly to China and then go back to the North Korea .
Because my family didn 't know the Chinese , so I had to go along with 2,000 miles in China and then go to South Asia .
The journey of buses are a week , and we 've been almost been caught .
Once , our car was blocked and discovered by a Chinese police .
He 's seeing the letter of all of us , and started to investigate .
Because my family didn 't understand the Chinese , so I thought they were going to be arrested .
When the Chinese police came close to them , I immediately got up and told him that this was deaf people I was struggling .
He looked at me with my surprise , but he was lucky he believed me .
And we went on to the border of Loyar , but I had to use almost all the money that we had to bribe to the borders .
However , after we 've been crossed by borders , my family was caught in prison for cross-lived borders .
After I applied to the punishment and I 'm released , my family was released in January , and then being caught again in the capital of Loyager .
It was the most despair in my life .
I did all the way to bring my family to free , and I 'd almost been successful , but they were just as a way of Korean Korea would have been very shortly .
I went back to the middle of the landscape and the police and the police , despairing the way to get my family out of it , but I 'm not enough to bribe or pay the money .
I 'm completely despair .
Right now , there 's a man who asked me , " What 's that ? "
I was very surprised when a strangers were really interested in what I was .
By my little English language and a dictionary , I told him the context of my family . Not a little bit of a guy who went to ATM. , pay all the money for my family and two other North Korea so that they were born
I thank you with my heart , and I also asked , " Why do you help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " He said .
" I 'm helping North Korea . "
I realized that it was a huge moment that meant that I was enormous in my life .
Compare from men who became new hope for me and the Northern Koreaians that we were really needed it , and he showed me the good from the international community , the international community was hopeful of North Korea that North Korea 's find .
Finally , after a long journey and my family was collected in Korea , but it was just half of the struggle .
Many North Korea are separated with their families , and when they come to another country , they have to start with very few or almost no money .
So we can get the support of international community for education , English training , to teach , to teach , and many other areas .
We can also play a role in between people in North Korea with the outside world , because there are many of us who are living in different families in the country , and we share with money to change North Korea from the rest of North Korea .
I was very lucky to get a lot of help and inspiration for my life , so I wanted to bring together to my country to a chance to develop with the same support of the international support .
I believe that you 'll see that the more people of North Korea are in all the world , including TED stage .
Thank you .
Today I 'm just a request .
Don 't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I want to show you with my brother 's brother .
Remi 22 , high-in-lived and very beautiful .
You don 't say , but I 'm communicating the joy of the way that even the best people who don 't do it .
Rembu Knowledge what love is .
I share it a very uniformly eventiceless .
He 's not blue . You 're not a color-border .
You don 't care about religion , and understand : I 've never been lying .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to remember words that I can 't , he reminds me of how little brains come , and what we don 't know .
Samuel 16 . I 'm high . I 'm very beautiful .
You have a perfect memory .
But there 's also selection .
I don 't remember whether you had my candy candy-lived candy , but I remember the year of the discovery of my iPods , the stories between us from four years old , my hand on the top day of T
These stories are really great ?
But most people don 't agree .
And in fact , because of my minds are not fit in the normal social version , they 're often being told and misconception .
But what makes my heart more reliable and my mind stronger than that , although this is true , though they don 't think of normal , this is just possible : I 'm not really extraordinary -- the people who are regular .
For you don 't know from the end of the autism , it 's a brain disorder that affects social ability , learning and sometimes the autism of nature .
Text : During every individual , which is why Rembi is very different from Sam .
And in the world , 20 minutes , there 's a person who has a diagnosis of autism , and although it 's one of the most quickest disorder in the world , we don 't know the cause or treat .
And I cannot remember the first time I approached autism , but I couldn 't remember a day without it .
I was three years old when I was born and I was excited that there was another person in my life .
And after a few months , I realized that I was different .
I screamed a lot .
I don 't want to play like other girls , and in fact , I don 't like anything to do with me or something else .
Remi-border life and conquered in your own world , with its own rules , and I found joy in the smallest things , like putting cars around the room and staring at thehing machine and eat anything in the hands .
When you grow up , you become more different , and the differences become better .
But out of the dischanged and rap and curious about being disgusting is nothing really unique : a pure pure , a kid , a little kid , a little bit of a little bit of knowledge , a human being never lie
Africa is often .
Well , I can 't deny that there 's a few difficult moments in my family , the moment I wish I wished them as well .
But I put my memory back back to what they 've taught me about how , the communication and love and I realize that this is what I 'm going to don 't really change to get normal .
The normal is missing the beauty that the differences give us and how we 're different , not being one of us is wrong .
It means there 's another kind of thing .
And if I could only get a cliche and give Sam and give you , that 's you 're not forced to normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because there 's autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! Who brings us a gift , and honestly , pursuing the normal chase is the largest potential .
The opportunity for great , progress and for change is short-border when we try to become like a different person .
U -- don 't say I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Maybe you all agree with me is a very beautiful way .
It 's built from plastic , and the plastic is the kind of car that running on it , very , very , very , very , very specific to be done today when the sun is raining .
And then you can get water on the edge of the way out .
And especially if you 're bicycle , and cross-border these cars are not really good .
In addition , plastics are also making more noise .
It 's an noise material , if we make the streets of Dutch , it 's almost like the city , we want a quiet path .
The solution is to make sugar from plastic plastic .
The grammar is that we 're now using to build most countries in the Dutch , it 's water and water just water through hole , so all the rains will get out of all the way , and you 'll have a
And noise also disappeared through the hole .
Because it 's very empty , all the noise will disappear , so that the path is quiet .
Of course , there are many , and the media of this kind of cracked , the cracked-up , the bubble can happen .
What 's the crack ? You see it on this road , the face of the bubble .
First of all you get a rock , and then more and more and more , more , more , and more -- -- -- -- -- oh , I 'm not going to do that .
But they can make your carpage . So you 're not happy with that .
And after all , this cracked bubble would be broken more and more .
Sometimes they make the slums .
Well . He 's ready .
The chicken , of course , could be a problem , but we had solutions .
It 's really like you see here that this material is trapped down .
It 's plastic , as I said , you just have a little bit of a little bit of a clue between rockets .
In the impact of weather , the sun radiation , the oxygen , this plastic condition , the plastic piece of plastic is linked between these blocks , and if it 's going to combine , it 's going to have a small cracked , and then
And if you drive up the road , you 'll destroy these blocks -- like we 've seen here .
To solve this problem , we 've created materials that are connected .
If we created this self-organizing materials , then we could find solutions .
What we could do is we could use a cleaning flock of steel and cleaning the flock of steel , and we cut the crushed stigs out of steel , and we blend these little pieces with the plastic .
So we have plastic crammed with tiny steel bumps .
And then you need a machine , as you see here , is a machine to cook -- a machine that 's a sensor .
Thank you from being able to create heat , particularly steel lead to a good heat .
The things you do are heat hot steel , you make a little plastic plastic , and the plastic is going to blend into these tiny cracks , and the rocks will be connected to the classroom .
Today I use a oven-smeter because I can 't bring a bulb that 's not a bulb that 's a bulb that 's already on stage .
The waves also have the same behavior .
I 've been able to model in the oven , now I 'll get it out , to check it out .
This is the samples that 's taken out .
I said we invented a industrial machine in the lab , to heat the samples .
In the lab we 've tried a lot of samples , and then the government , they 've really seen the results , and they say , " Well , that 's good . We have to try to see why . "
And then they gave us a national line , 400 meter-8 meters of A58 , here we had to build this new material .
So that 's what we 've done here . You see the pathway that we 've done , and then of course this path is going to exist in years without being damaged . That 's what we learned from real experience .
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tried them in the lab .
So we 're aging , we 're going to put a lot of important things on it , we 're going to get them back in and try it again .
We can do a lot of time .
And indeed , the conclusion is that if we nurture four years ago , this is a big version of the road , we created it to tell the road -- if we told her four years to nurture a time , we could increase twice as long
Well , to get the rest of the way I can say that we 've created a kind of steel materials using steel , add a heat-up , to actually help rise to the life expectancy of the road , which is the same thing you do
Now you 're sure whether it works or not .
We have a model here . It 's pretty warm .
It 's going to let it cooler before I showed you the efficiency of the Medicine .
But let me try to see .
Look . Well , it 's stuck .
Thank you .
Today I 'm here to talk about a confusing question that the answer is also a very low-border .
The subject is the secret of family , and the question I 'm asking is the question that people are always wondering : Why is she stay ?
Why should the women stay here with their people beat them ?
I 'm not a psychopath , not a social justiceman or a family-border violence .
I 'm just a woman who wanted to share my story .
I was 22 years old , and I was just a graduate school University .
I moved to New York City when I worked first wrote and editing Senberg .
When I first had my apartment , American Expresses my own , and I had a big secret .
The secret is , this gun is pumped up the bullet of oil , just directly in my head , because men have thought you were my life , from another time .
My man was interested in all the people who were guning at the beginning and threat to kill me when I didn 't remember it .
I 'm here to tell you about crazy love , a camps are camouflage in the shell that millions of women and even a year-old men .
This is probably your story .
I 'm not like a family-border violence .
I had an English election from Harvard University , and the marketing business of marketing from Wharon .
I 've been able to work for companies in the top 500 of the United States , Johnson , Leonen and the Washington Times .
I married with the second husband almost 20 years and I had three children .
My dog is like the black Lab , and I drive Hondo Odinsey .
So the first thing I want to talk to you is that family violence happens with everyone , all the religions , everything levels of income and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I want to say is that people think that the family violence happens to women , that 's the problem of women .
Not true .
Fetrace of the journey is men , and violence happens in the design relationships , constraints , other words , in family , where we want or wait , that the violence is a reason that is a problem that 's a problem that '
I said to myself , I was a person on Earth who lived with men who had beat myself , but I was a very good victim of my age .
I only 22 years old , living in America , women from 16 to 24-year-old risk of being three times more than the women in other age , and on 500 women and girls here were killed every year by the age of the people who
I used to be a typical victim because I don 't know about family violence , the warning signals or its model .
I met the Conor of a month , a cold rain .
He sat next to me in the New York City , and he started to talk to me .
He told me about two things .
One is he , as I , I think , just as Ivy Lagy League and that he worked at a very impressive bank in Wall Street .
But the most impressive thing for me is he 's smart , he 's smart and he looks like a farmer .
He had a couple of these big , big , big , big-bagpe-like chore-borns and he seems so sweet .
One of the most clever things that the Coror did , since started , was to create an illusion that I was a promiscuous relationship .
He did this in the beginning of my geo-trun .
We started dating , and he loved me about everything I was smart , that I took Harvard , that I took my temperature to help new girls and work .
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , hope and dreaming my own .
The I believe , as a writer and a woman in a way that nobody has ever had .
And he also created the magician of the trust of our trust in the middle of our own secret , that he was like a child from four years old being abused to be abused and constantly by his own munal , and he was
That explains why Ivy Legage and work in Wall Street and his creative future has a big meaning to him .
If you tell me how smart men are smart , joyful , people who are born when I 'm taking a place or not , my dress is short , where I live , who 'm working , who 's my job , who 's
I didn 't know that the first stage in any family 's violence is to reckless and sexually .
I don 't know that the second stage is she set up the victim .
Now , I 'm not going home to go home for a day and tell you , " Hey , you know , all the way Rome and I 'm going to get this beautiful , but I need to move into the next stage where I
Instead , the I 've been home on a Friday night and he said to me that he 's about taking his dream today , and he said , he said , he 's left me , because I 'm feeling it safe and love that
Now , the final thing I want to do is leave the New York City and my dream , but I think you have to make your life hope , so I agree and I agree , I agree , I agree and I 'm together to leave Manhattan
I don 't think I 've been working in a crazy love situation , that I 'm walking the first step into the psychology , money and I can be placed in a very carefully .
The next step in this violence is to bring into violence and see how she react .
From here , guns come into the gun .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where the I 'm based on the ground to feel safe -- he bought three guns .
He held a tree in the container of our car .
We 're a third-polate tree in our bedside down the bed , and he 's always in the middle of his wallet .
And he said he needed these guns because the damage that he had gone through the past when he was a child .
He needed them to feel protected .
But these guns are actually a message for me , and although he haven 't yet brought my arm back , but my life is in danger every day .
The human being attacked in me a year ago in our wedding .
It was at seven hours of morning when I was wearing sleep .
I 'm blueing on the roof , trying to get a piece of paper that was written , and I 'm disappointed , I 'm using my anger as a curing cell to get two around my neck and so on my ne
In the next day , the bruises on my neck of bruption , and I put my wedding dress , and married with him .
And for what happened , I 'm sure we 're going to live happy because I love him and he also love me a lot .
And he was very sorry .
He was really very stressful for the wedding and the family with me .
It 's a particular thing , and he 'll never make my pain .
It happened two times in the moon .
When I first was driving a car to find a secret and I was lost , he had to hit a very strong side of my head to the door of the car .
A few days later , when he 's driving home after the moon , he 's tired of the cars , and he throws all the Big Macs into my face .
The Dororc brought me a two times a week for the next two months and half since the end of married .
I was wrong when I was the only case and I was alone in this story .
One third of the American women experience their families orrawed in some of the time and the CDC shows 15 million children are abused every year , 15 million .
So I 've really been in a very good company .
Back in my question : Why am I here ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know he 's running out of my journey .
He even took the gun in my head , I push down the floor , threat to kill my dogs , to take the keys out of the car when I 'm driving the road , the accelerometers on my head when I was wearing the
Instead , I 'm a powerful woman in love with a man who has a problem , and I 'm the only person on Earth could help the face of his bad thing .
The other question that people ask , why don 't you go out ?
Why don 't I walk ? I can remove any time .
For me , that 's the sad and the most painful question , because we , the victims of the people you don 't know : it 's a terrible danger to leave a journey like that .
Because the final step in the family was killing her .
Fighty-eight-eurfight-eeming of the family was happening after the victim ended up , after she left , because then the violence was not going to lose .
But the other consequences are being traced , even after the abuse of the married ; the words of financial resources ; and the athletes of the entire family to make fear and her children , these kids are often forced by the decisions of the time of
And we 're going to go on , why don 't she go ?
I could get rid of , because a gravarian violence was very damned to hit my own .
I realized that the man was really interested in my grandfather would kill me if I left him .
So I 've gone to silence .
I tell people : the police , neighbors , my friends and my family , the strangers , and I 'm here today because you 're all helping me .
We have the Arab notion of victims as afraid of the most afraid , women who destroy themselves , good things that are hurt .
The question , " Why is that she stay here ? "
It 's the reason of some of her , " That 's her error when I 'm here , " as victims have been able to choose men with the destiny .
But since I came out " Crazyve , " I heard hundreds of stories from men and women who were left , who were learned a very valuable lesson , but what happened , and who had been building back -- happy , like the employees
Because I 'm a typical victim of the family violence that ended me been a classic survivors of the family .
I married a man with a good and stomach , and we had three children .
I had the black Lab and I had the Minivivals .
What I never had half , forever was a gun in my head because someone told me he loved me .
Right now , you 're thinking , " Well , this is great , " Oh , she 's just stupid . " But all this time , I 've really talked about you .
I 'm sure you 're hearing that people who are listening to me now are abused or people who are abused when they are small or abused to abused ourselves .
The abused can affect your daughter , your sister , your most friends at the moment .
I can end my crazy story by deciding silence .
I 'm beating silent silence .
This is how I help other victims , and this is my final requirement .
Let 's tell you what you 're heard here .
The contrary of abused is just frightening in silence .
You have power to end with a simple family violence in the lightning it .
We need victims to come to everyone .
We need you to understand the secret of family violence .
Dapargling the light of today by talking about it with your children , your colleagues and your family .
Fastly their lives , but happiness , love with open future .
Recently aware of the soon-funded signals and the lie of the conscience of the conscience , down it down , just for the victim to the safe .
Together we can make our bed bed , and our family 's family became peace and safe .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are about 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vaganders are one of the most important birds .
When you see a vicious thing like this , the first thing that shows you is , these are awful creatures , be bad , eat and only you , you know , you 're all about your own politicians .
I want to change that perception . I want to change the feeling that you spend for these birds , because they need to come to our compassion . They really need .
I 'll tell you why .
First of all , why are they impressive ?
When Charles Darwin crossed the 1832 from the Beagleo , he saw the Turkishccer , he said , " These birds are disgusting with the red line that are created to make a durgence
You cannot be dilized , and that 's the words from Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed his opinion when he came back , let me tell you why .
They 're also connected to Disney -- characterized , stupid , stupid , stupid .
Recently , if you 're watching news in Kenya -- these are specific properties that are combined with the Krha . But I want to resist that .
I want to resistant to resistant because you know what ?
Because the landscape is not to keep the environment in clean .
The warning is not going to stop the spread of disease .
They 're almost impossible to make a husband 's wife .
They were just born , and they were born .
And , what I love is , the most ketemetems look more .
There are two kinds of votes on this planet .
The World Kids were found primarily in America , like the animal and carcorasas that were the World War II . In this 16 species . In these 16 species of risk species , there were 11 species of extinction .
So why the viaccer is important ? First of all , they provide essential service service service . They clean .
They are really natural trashcorcor .
They clean the cassules out to the bones .
They help kill bacteria . They help the coal that can spread and make big loss of the big loss of the cattle and cause other animals .
The most recent studies showed that in areas that don 't have deadly deadly bumps are three to four times to destroy , and the big result from this is the spread of disease .
Kids have a big history of their important vision .
They were connected to ancient culture .
Nkhbet is the symbol of protective and mother and mother , and with a fame , they symbolize the most compound of M & amp ; Might 's the Gall of Egypt .
In Hindu Dayu , Jatu is a ketaic god that he had life risked life to save the Sita Hita from the Ravana .
In the Tibet culture , they do a very important way . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to be dead , or there 's no wood to fire them , so the ketemetemotheets
So what 's the petmma ?
We have eight ketems that appear in Kenya , in which six species are threatened with high-tech threats .
The reason why they 're being infected , they 're already independently because there are the winners between the people and the wild world . The communities are using this toxic to use these toxic materials to get into predators but instead , so the
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four ketems are listed in high school list of high-border risk-border risk-making , which means they are less than 10 or 15 years to touch the extinct and
This drug has been used in India , they 've seen that .
Because there 's no venture capital that should have the spread of the wild dogs in animals that contain the wildercolate , you have a huge bombard , and the number of wild disease has been growing a lot in India .
Kenya will have a largest wind-packed field in Africa with 353 motivation that will be installed in Lake Turkana .
I don 't protest the wind , but we need to work with government , because the wind engine makes birds this . They cut it .
They 're a crushed patch of birds .
In West Africa , there 's a terrible local selling bumps in order to serve the magic and the spell .
So what did we do ? We 're doing research on these birds . We 're tipping the signals that they are .
We 're trying to define their basic biology , and in the place where they come .
We can see them moving to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on the scale of the region , this will not help you .
We need to work with government in the middle level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about how important the ketemetas that need for the need for the great creatures and the benefits they bring .
How do you help ? You can become a dynamic person , create voices . You can write their government and tell them that we need to focus on these things . Sexpensive time . Sanning a message .
When you walk out of this room , you 'll get information about the squidges , but let 's talk to your family , your neighbors of the ketmet .
They were very excited . Charles Darwin said he changed the idea because he saw them flying letter as a bit of power .
Kenya , this world is going to be poor , much more if there 's no great animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 , I remember a morning I woke up when I heard my egoso .
My dad was listening to the BBC on his little radio , he was listening to his little blessor .
He 's a big smile , this is very unusual for the news that he 's much more sad .
He said , " The Taliban went ! "
I was not aware of , but I could see that my father was very excited .
" Now you can actually come to school and say . "
One morning I can 't forget .
A school is really .
You know , the Taliban come to invade Afghanistan from six years old and prevent girls who go to school .
In five years later , I had been eating as a son to go with my sister to my sister to a secret school because I was being banned from my house .
That 's the only way we can go to school .
Every day , we go to the different path to not be surprised about our point .
We hiding books in the market like that people would think we just shopping .
That school in a house , more than 100 of our children are packed in a small living room .
It 's pretty warm in winter , but summer , it 's extremely hot .
We all know that our own revolution , students and parents .
There are a few times , the natural school of suddenly closed a week because the Taliban are suspicious .
We always ask them what we know about .
Are we tracked ?
They know where we are ?
We 've been very afraid , but although we 're still interested in school .
I 'm very lucky to be taught in a very important family and girls are important .
My grandfather was a remarkable man in that time .
One man was completely rupeed from a distance in Afghanistan , he was blurred to his daughter , my mother was in school , and so he was born of his dad .
But my mother had my education to become teachers .
She was here .
She retireed two years ago to use our houses to open school for girls and women in neighbors .
And this is my father who was the first person in his family was education .
Not doubt that his children will be education , including his daughter , any Taliban , and despite the danger .
For him , the female is not learned to be more dangerous .
In the Taliban , I remember that there were some time I was very angry about our lives and not always afraid and not to see the future .
I wanted to get out of school , but my dad , he would say , " Listen , this daughter , you could lose everything you had on this life .
The money can be lost . You can get to the house in the war .
But one thing that will forever exist with the one in here , and if we 're forced to sell the blood to pay attention , we 're going to do that .
So , can you want to continue ?
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I was growing up in a country that was destroyed by the war .
Less than six percent of my age was learned after the high school , and if my family was not going to commit my learning , I was also becoming one of them .
But I 'm proud of you here is a graduate student where Midlendlebury .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , my grandfather was lost by my family because he dare his daughter to school , was one of the first people who celebrated me .
He didn 't show the same man 's taller , but I was the first woman , and I was the first woman who could carry him on the streets in Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed big , but my family wishes me to be bigger .
So I 'm a global mission for 1010 , this is global movement to education women .
So I 'm helping to set SOLA , the first school and is the only one of the girls in Afghanistan , a country that still has been dangerous for girls to school .
I was excited to see my students with the hope to get this opportunity .
And I see my parents and their father as my dad , supporting them , despite their own , despite even if they meet a lot of tough .
As Ahmed . It 's not His true , and I can 't reveal his face , but Ahmed is my dad .
Less than a month , he and his daughter was on SOLA from their village , and they were actually shredered by a bomb on a few minutes .
When he was about home , he had a phone , he had a threat to tell him if he continued to give her a girl to school , they 'd try again .
He said , " If you want to kill me , but I 'm not going to destroy my daughter 's future for the post-bound and the opposite of the people . "
I now saw about Afghanistan , and this is the common thing that was left in the West , is behind most of us , we are a value of their daughter 's value and people see their own success as their own success .
This is not a human being not important in our success .
In fact , they were the first person and the persuader of the persuading the future of their girls , but in the society as Afghanistan , we needed to come to the support of men .
In the Taliban , girls come to the entire hundreds of people who remember , that 's illegal .
But today , over three million girls are in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks very different from America .
I see Americans see that the history of dimony , it 's really about changing changes .
I 'm afraid that all of these changes will not be pulled longer after the U.S. military .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , when I saw my students and my parents supporting them , encourage them , I saw a promised future and change would exist for long .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , the ability to limit , and every day of SOLA reminds me of that .
As I , they dreamed .
Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a phone has brought you freedom .
For a mobile phone , you can record the images of human rights action in Syria .
For a mobile phone , you can post a message on Tweeter and start to participate in the government in Egypt .
And also with a phone that you can record a song , upload it up to Soundo and become famous .
All of that is completely possible with your mobile phone .
I 'm a child of 1984 , and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back at that moment , at this city .
You can see here that thousands of people are standing up and protesting for change .
It 's in 1989 , and imagine people who were standing up and the protest that the change needed a mobile phone in the bag .
Who in the audience have mobile phone ?
Let 's raise it up .
Please raise your phone , raise your phone high high on the phone !
Please raise it . Aroid phone , the blackberry , wow .
A lot . Today , most of us have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself and my phone , and about how it has changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There are about 358 of the information .
The information is basically primitive .
But why are these information here ?
The reason is that the summer of 2006 , the European Commission , the European Commission proposed one of the main market .
It 's called just data-based data .
This just shows that every media company in Europe , every home provide Internet service on the entire European land , all to store a huge amount of information about people .
Who is the call for who ? Who sent someone email ?
Who sent to the mobile message ?
And if you use mobile phones , this is where the problem is .
All of this information is archives in six months , until two years of the network you 're using or the Internet service providers .
And everywhere Europe , the people were standing up and said , " We don 't want it . "
They said , we don 't want this personal archive .
We want to have a self-organizing age in digital age , and we don 't want to do that the telecommunications and the Internet service provocative service all of our information .
They were lawyers , journalist and all the home , all of them said , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 10,000 people who are in the city of Berlin and the Constructive , " freedom . "
And some of you say , it 's like Stas 2.0 .
Stasi is the police forces of the Germans in Germany .
I 've been asking myself , actually , is it working ?
Can they record our whole information ?
Every time we use our mobile phone ?
So I asked my revolution to use , Deuttrom Telom , the largest data service of Germany at the time , and I asked them , thank you , send me all my whole information they 've been archives .
I asked them to send me a moment , and I went on to ask , but what I was aware of was not a clear answer . Blahhah .
But then I said , I want to get these information , because they 're archive my life .
And I decided to send a condition to the project , because I wanted to get these information .
But Deutschrometromed said , no , we won 't provide for you with these information .
And finally , I had a consent agreement with them .
I 'm going to destroy the condition , and they 're going to provide me with the information I love .
Because at that moment , the state-statement project has been regulated that the market was not the market of Europe , there was no power in Germany 's constitution .
So I received this bad brown enabled in a CD plaque in the inside .
And on the CD , what I needed was recorded on that .
358 of the information .
First I look at it , and I say , it 's a big data file . Okay .
But then I realized , this is my whole life .
This is my life in six months , which was recorded all over this data .
And then I wonder , what should I do with this ?
Because I can see where I 've been there , where I 've been sleep every night , what I 've done .
But then I said , I want to open these information .
I want it to be known by public .
Because I want to show people how the data is really .
So for Zeit Online Online and Olden Data , I do the same thing .
These are images of life in six months have been recorded my own .
You can zoom in or collectively collectively , you can also re-tain it back or faster .
You can see my step .
You can even know how I was Frankfurt with fire to Collogne , and the frequency I call the communication between those two points .
It 's all possible to be able to get these information .
I had a little bit of fear .
But those information are not just talking about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First of all , it 's like this , I call my wife and she also call me , we talk to each other three times .
And then some of you call me , they call it each other .
Once you call you , and you call you , and you 'll get this big network-fits-border network .
But you can see how we communicate together , they call each other , when they go to sleep .
You can see all that .
You can see the most important parts , like leaders in a group .
If you have access to these information , you can see the activity of the community , social .
If you have access to these information , you can control the whole society .
This is a design map for countries like China or Iran .
This is a painting of how to look at the whole society because you know who speaks to who you who send emails , all of that can be able to access to these information .
And these information are archives at least six months in Europe , until two years .
As I said , I 've started , imagine if all of these people on the city of Berlin , there 's 1989 , there 's a mobile phone in my pocket .
There may be Stasi , who 's going to know who 's involved in this protest , and if Stasi knows who 's the leader behind it , then it 's probably never going to happen .
The collapse of the Berlin was not going to exist .
And if that , it 's probably the collapse of the ironic in the cold War , it 's not going to exist .
Because now , the function and companies want to record their information , the more we have , and more online , online .
They wanted to be able to get our life , and so they wanted to record these information at all .
Fundane and life in the digital age of the digital technology has not been disconnected .
What you should do is to make a struggle for your own self today .
And you have to fight it for every day .
Then , when you go back home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and that 's not error .
When you go back home , tell the only one of their representatives that because companies and functionally can keep the specific information , although they 're not doing it .
And if you don 't believe me , let 's ask the network to provide information that they 've been archiving .
So in the future , every time you use your phone , let it reminds you that you have to fight for the individuality of this era .
Thank you .
Photographer I told me that I grew up with a camera , but today I wanted to share with you 15 pictures I value , and I didn 't take a few of them .
There 's no artistic , no model , no samples , no matter how to light .
In fact , most of them are taken by travels of travels .
The story started when I went to New York City to participate in a speech and my wife took my picture of my first birthday . We stood in 57 and five .
We happened to go back to New York , so we decided to take a picture anymore .
You can see where the story is coming .
When I was about to go to my third birthday , my wife said , " Why don 't you take Sabweight to New York City and girls , then go on to " old ? "
We started to travel through a photograph of a photograph .
You know , your camera impact for a completely alien person around the world , a remarkable way .
No one 's rejected , and fortunately there 's no one who runs our camera .
And that , we don 't know how that journey will change our lives .
It became sacred to us .
This was taken a few weeks after 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what was happening in those ways that five-year-old children can understand .
These pictures are not just represent a moment , or a special journey .
They were ways to stop time for a month of October , thinking about our time and how we changed every year , not only about the physical surface , but about everything .
Because whether we took a picture , but our view changed , my daughter got new points , and I was looked at her eyes , how it looked at the same time and interactive .
About the time we focus on this one is something we value and expectations for five years .
Recently , in a journey , we 're walking around , my daughter suddenly stopped between the road , and it 's just to the red duction of the bumps that it really enjoyed in our early journey .
She described to me the feeling of five years old , when he was at the right place .
It said that it was reminded of my heart when it saw that the store that first time was nine years ago .
And now what it saw in New York is universities , because it decided to go to learn in New York .
And I realized : one of the most important things that we create is memory .
So I want to share the idea of the action of creating memory .
I don 't know how you are , but out of 15 pictures , I don 't appear a lot of my family pictures .
I 'm always a photograph .
So today I want to take everybody 's face in the photograph , and don 't make it a lot of a person , and you ask , " You take a picture of us ? "
Thank you .
I never forgot my grandmother 's grandmother who died in the exemption : " Hey , let 's fight against Gadafi . Let 's fight him .
But never made a kind of Gadafi revolution . "
Two years of the last two years since Library , the Kindowment explores , is more powerful by the athletes on the Tunisia and Egyptians .
I 'm involved in forces and Libya to call the day of the anger and to start a radical radicalism of Gadafi .
And that 's a great revolution .
South men are standing in front of their own front-up-turricate , raise the high-to-on-on-to-polit-trown-tunned-lay-tunned-t
They were very aware of the feeling of the head of the head of the Gadafi dictatorship .
They showed a cochlearly a cochmark that was in the east to west and pulled the west to the south .
Finally , after six months of war with the president of the death to 50,000 of us , we 've been able to manage our country and turn it back to the Civil .
However , Gadafi left a burden of a burden , a government of institutions , corruption and denser .
For the last four decades , the civilian civilian expert destroyed the infrastructure as culture and the moral basis of Libyan Library .
Recently destruction and challenges , I also like how many other women , the uniformly-border societies of Libya , calls the whole and the process of moving into democracy and reconciating the national democracy .
It 's almost 200 organizations that are established at Behazi for that time and then after Gadafi collapse -- almost 300 in Tipli .
After 33 years of forgive , I went back Libya , with the most toxic passion , I started to organize training high-fundry classes , developers of leadership skills .
Together , I 'm a great group of women , I 've created Campger Lancers because Republicans of women , leaders from all different components , to operate the social rights of social rights and to operate our rights to be connected
I was in the situation that was incredibly difficult to election , a very , very , very , very , very environmental environment was formed by political and political perspective .
I 'm leading a creative architectural Lancers because Republicans to operate an altering rule for a morese-trown election , which can bring all the citizens , whether they come up with , their rights and the most important
Finally , our innovation has been accepted and successful .
Women won 17 and a half percent of the National Congress in the first election of 52 years back .
However , a little bit of a bit , the excitement from the election and the general revolution of the general revolution -- when we 've gone through the news stories of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient church and the gravitators of Sufi .
Another day we woke up with the news of American mission and attacks in the continuing state of the bar .
Another day we woke up with the killing the army of the army .
And every day , every day we wake up with the rule of the national forces and their next range of people who are in prison as uniforms as the laws of law in their law .
Our society , is , by the revolutionary thinking , becoming more distorted and left the idealistic ideas , the raw rules , the social equality , the social equality we pursue at the beginning .
The thing is not about , except and newspaper become iconic of the beginning .
I 'm not here that the inspiration for you with the success story of creating a key list of ideas and election elections .
I 'm here to find that we -- the whole country has been wrong , decided wrong .
We 've been not the first-traxed .
Because election elections are not going to be peace , stability or security for Lib Libya .
Does the list of the key and the connection between men and women have brought peace and reconcipable peace ?
No , no , no .
So what did it help ?
Why is society that we continue to be a very extreme society and treaty by the political political political political political and eliminate , because both men ?
Maybe lack of survival is not just about women 's rights , but also women 's values , tolerance , tolerance , and the whole .
Our society needs a national conversation and the community 's more than building the election that we just increase the extremist and divide .
Our society needs the quality of the world is more than the number of numbers and the number of women .
We need to stop running like the disasters , stop supporting the disparation days .
We need to start running like compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a women 's discussion is not just honor but also to do a lot of tolerance , the community is more likely to be competitive , how much more than the dissonance .
These are the ideas that a country had been destroyed as Libyan Library to can be able to get peace .
Because peace is like the needle , it needs to come to the interfigure , the interconnect between men and women .
It 's just a really key .
And we needed to set up the rest of life before we did political face .
In a poem in the Koran " Salam " -- peace -- " is from God 's word full tolerance ,heem . "
Next , " Rheem " is known for the tradition of Abraham 's tradition with Arabic is " -- " -- the present -- the female -- the mother widespreaded humanity and men , from all tribes , all the race ,
And because the embryo is going to grow in its own , the sacred battle of the whole life .
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance of all the time . "
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance win an abnormal disgusting . "
Tay for every one of us is rude by tolerance .

Five years ago , I had a little bit like Alice in Alice X-the-gram .
Penn State University asked me , a teacher who taught a communication for engineering students .
I was very afraid .
It 's really afraid . It 's a big student , big books and novels .
But when the communication exchange , I 've experienced what Alice has been able to get through her cave and discover the door to a new world .
It 's just what I felt when I gave my students , I was amazed before their ideas , and I wanted other people to be able to go to this first place .
I believe that the key to the world is the ability to communicate .
We 're very able to communicate with scientists and engineers to change the world .
scientists and engineers are being the most important challenge , from energy to the environment and health , and so much , if we don 't know and understand that , and I 'm going to be done , and I believe the responsibility , who don '
But the intervention can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't invite us to go to their own .
Less scientists and engineers , eight stories with us .
I want to share some of the decisions to do so to make sure that we see the science of you really seduction , sexy techniques are very intriguing , hot .
The first question is : What ?
Why science is related to us .
Don 't just say that he study the bone , which says he study the bone , it 's like the grid of the bone that makes us so we need to know about the dilute and treat .
When you describe science , you 're careful with the term .
Walk to stop us understanding your ideas .
Surely , " The area and mememotor " but why don 't use the " the " From the Hole and heart . "
Wind it is easy to understand not low .
Instead , as you 're in English said : transform things as simple as simple as it 's not simple , but don 't simply .
Clearly you can talk about science that doesn 't distort ideas .
So minding for example , telling stories , the idea is that ways to get to draw and make us interesting what you talk .
And when you show , don 't use the lines .
Have you ever wondered why they call " the " line " line ?
When the bricks ? Growing is delete , killed all the time ! They 're going to kill his speech .
A slide like this , not boring , but also depend on a lot of the language of the brain , makes us a black .
Instead , this example of Genevi Browne Browne really understands what it is . It shows how specific bone is so powerful that it 's really inspired for the unique design of the Toppen .
And the trick is using simple and read the audience can based on that without getting up , and then use the visualization to help us understand the things that are shown .
I think this is just a few of the decisions that help us open that door and see the first place of science and technology .
My engineers worked with me knew everything that was going to go . So I wanted to summary with a process .
So , " Leart " Ve " and " the " and " the " and " and " and " the thing that 's remarkable , " which is sharing the right thing with the audience , then with the passion of the passion he
And so , scientists and engineers , when you solve this equation , by all , say eight stories with me .
Thank you .
Hello . I 'm Camerusseus , and in short-term time , I 'm a samples .
In fact , in 10 years .
And I felt there was a comfortable pressure in this room because I shouldn 't be wearing this .
Fortunately , I 'm going to bring in another map .
This is the first time that the guy replied on TED stage , so I think you 're very lucky to see this scene .
If some women feel very afraid when I came out , you 're not saying I 'm listening right now , but then I 'm going to know through Twitter .
I realized I was very lucky to change what you think about in 10 seconds .
No one has an opportunity to do this .
These high-heel shoes are not comfortable , I don 't define them .
The worst part is this long-term clothing through the top because you 're smiling , so don 't do anything when it 's on my head .
Okay .
Why do I do that ?
It 's really a little bit of a place .
In fact , hopefully it 's not so close that this picture .
The image has a big power , but it 's also a fake .
I 've just changed entirely what you think about for me for six seconds .
And in this photograph , I 'm not really having boys in real life .
I felt very comfortable at that moment , and photography told me that the graves me the halg of his hair and put his hair on his hair .
And of course , except for surgery , or the ovarianism that I had two days ago to take pictures , there were very few things we could do to change our own surface , and even though it made it make a lot of change ,
So today , for me , not to be afraid of what it means to be true .
And I 'm standing on this stage because I 'm a samples .
I 'm standing on this stage because I 'm beautiful , white women , and in the samples , we call it a sexy girl .
And I 'm going to answer the questions that people still ask me , but with true success .
The first question is , how do I become a samples ?
And I always said , " Oh , I 've been discovered , but it doesn 't mean anything .
I 'm actually becoming a model because I win the lottery , and I 'm a person who 's got the assets , and maybe you 're wondering what it is .
In the last decade , we 've been redefining beauty not only healthy and middle-class and balance that we 're established to desire but heights , pieces and girls and white .
This is the cell that was built for me and it 's the legacy I 've made money because of it .
I know there are some of you in this skeptical , and maybe there are some beautiful samples like , " Wait . Nanomot . Jan Small . Li Wenu Wen .
I want to compress your knowledge . It 's impressive .
But unfortunately I 'm not giving you 2007 , a Ph.D. student in New York City , which is all the samples on the floor , and in 677 people are hired only 27 , less than four percent , is not white
The next question that people always ask me is , " Can you become a model of when you grow ? "
And my first answer is , " You don 't know , you 're not responsible for employment . "
But the next answer I really wanted to talk to girls is , " Why ? "
You know ? You can become anyone .
You can become President of America , or the next Internet , or a next Internet , or a cardiovascular poet , you 're going to be a great , because you 're going to be the first person to do that . "
If , after a interesting list , they 're still saying , " No , Cameron , Cameron , I want to be a pattern , " I 'll say , " Do your boss . "
Because you don 't have any power , you can have a editor of Vogue in the U.S. or President of H & amp ; Mach , or Steven Meis .
In fact , you want to be a model when you grow up as you want to hit the ticket when you grow up .
It 's out of her control , and it 's great , but it 's not a career path .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you -- with 10 years of experience I 'm accumulated when I 'm doing a model , because it 's not like with cardiologist , so just a short time .
If photography is here , then , like a beautiful interface , and when the customers say , " Cameron is walking , " So this is what it 's going to be here , " so this leg is a beautiful , and this arm is
It 's like this .
Hope is it 's less than a picture of the middle .
I don 't know what happens in the time .
It 's very sorry after you 're done , you write a couple of things and doing something , you cannot talk about what more , because if you want to be a President of America , but your map is : " The buster ,
The next question that people always ask me , " Are all the pictures being wrong ? "
Right , almost all of the pictures are edited , but it 's just a small element in the things that are happening .
This is one of the first pictures that I 've ever taken , and I 've been the first time I took a shower , and then I 've never had a period of a period .
I know that we 're going to go into personal stories , but I 'm a little girl .
This is my outside , my grandmother 's next to that few months .
This is me in the same day when I took a picture on my photo .
My friend went to my friends .
This is me at a few days before taking Vogue France .
This is me with the football team in V.
And this is what I 'm now .
I hope you 're looking at -- these pictures are not my images .
These are images created , and it was created by a group of experts , hair-bound buildings , photographer , photographer and all their engineers and all their assistants , and the money , and they created this , and they create this . It '
The next question I 've been asked , " What are you free ? "
I have a lot of high-cheles that I never had , before I was a foreign , but the free of the things I had in real life , and that 's what we don 't want to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to the store , and I forgot to give me a money , and they gave me a waste of a dress .
When I was a lack of girls , I sat a friend of a friend of a very frightening car , and she was over red , and all I was done is , " Sorry , and we could go .
I have the free of that , because of my own , not because who I 'm going to spend a lot of money on their own , not because they 're somebody else .
I live in New York , and last year , in 140,000 teenagers arrested and record , there are 86 percent black and Lee , most of them .
In New York , only 177,000 black people and Leek , so for them , the question is , is , is I being caught ? "
It 's " how many times I 'll be arrested and when ? "
When I 'm going to be told this talk , I 've found that 53 percent of the girls in America don 't like their bodies , and this number goes up to 78 percent when they 17 .
The final question that people ask me is , " What are the feeling when you get a samples ? "
I think what they want to hear is " If you 're thin more , and your hair is more happy , you 're going to be happy . "
And when we were behind the chicken , we gave the answer to the kind of thing .
" It 's great to travel , and work with creative people , inspiration and passionately . "
And those are true , but it 's just half , because what we never said before the glass , what I never said before the glass , is , " I 'm safe . "
I was safe because I had to think about my images every day .
And you 've got to wonder yourself , " If your thighs more or more hair , so do you be happier ? "
You just have to meet a group of samples , because they have the most beautiful , the most beautiful hair , the most beautiful hair , and they can be the most safe women on this planet .
When I write this speech , I feel very difficult to find the balance of balance , because one , I feel very comfortable here to say , " I 've got everything I 've been lucky , " and I 'm lucky to actually see that
But the mostly is hard to disconnect a sex and the problem of race while I 'm one of the biggest benefits .
But I 'm also happy and honor to think it 's lucky that I 've been in the last 20 or 30 years , and I 've worked with a lot of companies in my career , because then I can 't tell you how
If there 's something that 's a little bit more than a result of this talk , I hope it 's all that we 're all feeling more comfortable with the power of the image of the form of our success and our failures .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
We don 't touch every person around , so there 's a lot of intelligence that never knows , whether we share public spaces .
So for the last few years , I 'm trying to share more with my neighbors in public space , using simple tools like paper , carpage and pollen .
And these projects come from the questions I 'm asking , like , how many neighbors have to pay for their own apartments ?
How do we borrow and borrow more things without typing the door of the bad time ?
How do we share more than our memories of the wild buildings , and understand better about our context ?
And how do we share more than our hope for the rest of our money , so our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams now ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in New Orleans .
My mind always was always been creeping by the oakery of the oakery , the ball of the people who were in love , and the dunks of the years , and I believed in the city that always created music .
I felt like every time someone was rusting , New Orleans had a march .
There are cities that have the most beautiful architecture in the world , but it also has a number of largest value that are left in America .
I live close to this house , and I think I can make it a better place for my neighborhood , and I think about something that could change my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost a friend of mine .
His name is Jan , and she 's a mother for me , and her death is unexpected and uniform .
And I thought about a lot of death , and this makes me feel so deeply deeply deeply about the time I had , and bring it clear to what I mean for my life now .
But I 'm fighting to keep this perspective in my daily life .
I felt like it was easy to capture the day , and forget about what really meant to do with you .
So with the help of the old friends and new friends , I moved one side of this wild building into a huge padboard and caring it with a trivia-tast-tast-tast-tast-tast
I don 't know what to look like from this experiment , but on the next day , the wall has been completely been covered , and it 's continued to grow .
And I want to share some things about what people write on that wall .
" Before I die , I want to eat . "
" Before I die , I want to be in the International Casey Day of China . "
" Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . "
" Before I die , I want to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live outside the magic . "
" Before I die , I want to get her to a while . "
" Before I die , I want someone 's woof . "
" Before I die , I wanted to be totally myself . "
So this space is abandoned in this concrete , and hopeful and people 's dreams that make me laugh , water and we comfort ourselves over the hard time .
That 's about knowing that you don 't have one .
It 's about understanding people around us in new ways and light .
It 's about creating space for reflecting and see , and remember what really means to us when we grow and change .
I 've done this last year , and I started to get hundreds of letters from the heat people who wanted to make a wall in their community , so the people who were in the center and now I did a tool , and now the walls were
Together , we 've shown our public spaces that have power to be able to get the opportunity to have a voice and share more with a different person .
Two important things we have are time and relationship with other people .
In the era of our distribution , this is more important than ever to find the point of looking at the corner and remember that life is short and soft .
What death is something we 're often not encouraged to talk about or even thinking , but I 've been aware of what is a good thing you can do .
Think about your life , your life is obviously .
Our spaces are shared spaces that can be better than reflected the things that happen to us as individuals and as a community , and as much as a more ways to share hope and stories , and the stories , the people around us cannot help us do
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I do math and this is a different problem for anyone who 's apples , which is that we 're like managers .
No one knew what we did .
So today I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Well , dance is one of the activities that people do .
We love the teachers of L. L. L. and Divil , you 'll see the next .
Beat three requirements a specialist and high-tech and high-tech and the level of the right-to-face with this subject to the genetic element .
It was sad , neuroscience as Parkinson 's disease , and it was going to be able to destroy me , and it was happening to me , who was a three-looking artist .
Over the last few years has been a big progress in treatment .
However , 6.3 million people on the global disease , and they have to live in a disparation , shaking , mastered , treaties and other symptoms come together with this disease . What we need is tools for the very well
We need to measure progress in a way , and eventually , the only way we know when we really have a treatment , is when we have a precise approach to answer .
But it 's really depression to Parkinson 's disease and other athletic disorders , they don 't have a very simple testosterone test , so there 's no simple test test testosterone that you can do , and the best
You need to go to the hospital to do that . It 's very expensive , which means that this experience is outside of clinical trials , it never been done .
But if the patient could do this in the house ?
That 's really going to really take a journey to the clinic , and if the patient can do it self-assemble , what ?
Not for the gold of the employees .
It 's about 300 dollars , it 's just about this , to make this experience at the Media Lab at neuroscience .
So what I want to propose you is a traditional way that we can achieve this , because you see , at least , we 're all the teachers like Stephen Stripsing me .
Here we have a video of the seconds of the vibrational seconds .
This man 's manage and someone who 's talking about , and we can see ourselves as three dancers , because we have to combine all the sounds that are coming up with sound , and we all have genes to be there to be a
It 's like three , it 's got to be trained .
I mean , I think , we 're losing a long time to talk .
From the sound , we can actually track the wire position when the vibrational stigma , when the details are affected by Parkinson 's , the sound agencies .
So in the bottom , you can see an example of the vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrant .
We see the same symptoms .
We see the shaky , the debilitating and hardware .
The voices became depression and more and more and more and more and more and more of the time , and that 's one of the examples of it .
These sound effect can actually be really difficult , in some cases , but with any digital Dro-proc , and using the software analytical tools to combine with new machines , very advanced , very innovative , very much where people lie to lie
So how do these trials based on this voice compared to the same clinical trial ? Both are unleashed .
Try the experience of neuroscience doesn 't have invaded . They 're all using the land infrastructure .
You don 't need to design a whole new hospital system to do this experiment .
And both are accurate . But more , a test based on the voice is not a computer .
It means it can do it .
The fast speed , just lost about 30 seconds of maximum .
The low cost , and we all know what 's going to happen .
When something was cheap , it would be popular on the broad .
So this is a great number of goals that I think we can do now .
We can reduce the tough toughest of patients .
Not to go to the clinic to check the magic .
We can do the observation with high frequency to have the data target .
We can do the mass-time employee of the low cost to make clinical trials , what the judges are the right now in this first time .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the original students in the first place before it 's too late .
So to do the first steps to this , we 're taking the programs , and we 're taking Parkinson 's voice .
With Acceptabul and Patenti Like Like , we 're targeting the sound of speech to collect some of the global data to collect enough data and start to treat four goals .
We have local people that can get access to three percent of the people on the planet .
Anyone who 's healthy or Parkinson 's disease can call cheap , and to re-border , some of the times , and I 'm really excited to tell you that we 've got six percent of the goal in eight hours
Thank you .
Tomiel : So Max , by taking all the samples of 10,000 people , you can tell who are healthy and who ?
What are you going to conclude from these models ?
Max Little : Yeah . Well , what happens is , when you call you a disease or not .
You see , some of you can 't do that . Maybe they don 't call it .
But we 're going to take a big number of data that collects from all different cases , and the results are in different cases is important because we 're looking at the same time , and we 're looking at the real effects of the
So now at the right level is 86 percent ?
It 's more than that .
In fact , my students were Thanasis , I had to compress him , because he did a great job , he was invented that this could do through mobile phone , and that allowed this project to do , and the exact level of the
Fifty nine . Well , a progress .
So , that means that people can have — people can call their mobile phone and make this test , and people who have Parkinson 's disease , and then they can check their voice , and then the doctor can check their health , see their health
Except .
Thank you very much . Haxan Little Little Little Little .
Thank you very much , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is the South : the wine store , the wild food , the wild land .
So the city planes together and they define the South to bring different meaning . So they change the South Langes , like that could solve the real trouble that 's happening in the city .
This is the South Los Angeles .
The wine , the wild food , the wilderness , the wilderness .
It 's like 26 and a half million Americans , I live in a food desert , South Los Angeles , the house of the toy eaters and the carpet .
The interesting thing is that the toy is that the fast food that kills more people than the accident and running out .
In South Los Angeles , people are dying of disease that can treat .
For example , obesity is in my area at the age of five times as much as Beverly as Beverbals , where it 's about 16 kilometers .
I 'm boring to see this happening .
And I wonder , how do you feel when there 's no food benefits for health , when you get out of your door , you have to see bad impacts that the food system makes it happen to be alive ?
I saw the wheelchair that was sold like this old car .
I see blood centers grow up a lot like Starbucks .
And I realized that it had to end .
I realized that the problem was solutions .
It 's a problem and food is also solutions .
For me , I 'm also feeling tired of driving 45 minutes to buy a result of a result of a profound effect .
What I did was plant a food forest in front of my house .
It 's on a bass where we call a walk .
It 's more than three feet , 50 meters .
The problem is , that land is about cities .
But you have to look at it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . "
And this is how I 'm looking for that land .
I 'm with my group , the blue land of L.A. , we 're going to get together and start to plant the food forest : eat the food , you know , nine plants .
We are a group of shared sharing , including the people who make a garden from many different lives , from all the places in the city , and they 're completely volunteered , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it 's very beautiful .
Then there was a complain .
The city came to me , and the concept was giving me a cultural , asking me to break the garden . That 's what it was a building .
And I can say , " Come on , really ? "
A most building because of the trees on the ground that people don 't care about ? "
And I said , " Okay . Let 's get here . "
Because this time doesn 't come .
And then L.A. Times received believed , Steve Lopz wrote a newspaper about it , and he talked to the community , and one of the members of the blue pieces sent a pet on Change , and with 900 letters , we
We had a winner in the hand .
The Commission of the community was even calling and said they were giving up and interested in what we 're doing .
I mean , why not ?
L.A. led the United States to the wildlife that the city of the city .
They owned 42 kilometers of land .
Similarly , with 20 times the center .
It 's enough to grow 725 million tomato trees .
How can they not agree ?
Tut a tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
When the blue amount of blue is cost-paying products that are equivalent to 75 dollars .
It 's my faith , when I tell people , let 's grow food for me .
Tribing food for yourself is like print .
I have the legacy in the Middle area .
I grew up there . I grew up raising my son there .
And I refused to make part of what is actually created , which is created for me by some other people , and I 'm creating myself in .
I 'm a artist .
Wind is my art . I grew my work .
It 's like a artist , the car for walls , I , I 'm a car for the lawns , the way .
I used a garden , the land , as a fabric , and trees and green trees are what I 'm going to point out for that fabric .
You 'll be surprised with what the land could do if you make it a fabric .
You can 't imagine how great the sunflow and how they affect people .
So what happened ?
I saw my garden , I was a education tool , a tool for the transformation of my land .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the land .
We are land .
You 'll be surprised when kids are affected .
Winding is the most therapist and the most challenge you can do , especially in the form .
For the other , you have the strawberry .
I remember one time , there was a mother and daughter , and then , about 10 : 30 and they were in my garden , and then I went out and they were very embarrassed .
I think , I felt very bad because they were there , and I told them , two people don 't need to do that .
This garden is on the road , which is its reason .
I felt embarrassed to see that there were people in almost like me who were hungry , and that was just more powerful than I did this . People asked me , " You 're not afraid of being a food ? "
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're just on the road .
The whole idea is that it is .
I wanted them to get them , but at the same time , I wanted them to get their health back . "
Another time I did a garden in a homeless area in Los Angeles .
There are men , they help me get to get from the truck .
The air was very happy , and they shared stories about the garden that had affecting them and they had been growing vegetables , with her before , and it was great to see them , although just in a minute .
So the blue pieces have gone on to grow about 20th of garden .
We 've got about 50 people to go to school , and all of us are praying .
If they grow the steam , they 'll eat the stepping .
If they grow tomato , they eat tomato .
But if nobody showed them that , if they don 't see the effects of food to the brain and bodies , they blindly eat anything that 's put in front of it .
I see young people who want to work , but they 're busy being busy -- I see the colorful kids and they 're just going to be available , without lead .
With gardening , I see a chance that we can lead the community of their community , and there 's a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows ?
Maybe we 'll produce George Washington D. Carver next .
But if we don 't change the part of the land , we never do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I want to do .
I wanted to grow a whole garden where people could share food .
I want to get rid of the crest-n-naped and make them a coffee cafe .
Don 't understand me .
I 'm not talking about free , because free is not sustainable .
The interesting thing about sustainability is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about communicating jobs for people , and pull them out of the streets , and giving them a joy , proud and honor to grow their food , open for farmers .
What I want to do here , we 'll make it really remind .
I want all of us to become blue-graders , gardeners .
We 'll change the concept of gloves .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a glimpse of the bund .
Woves your eyes , right ?
And let 's make it into the weapons you choose .
Basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet , don 't call me if you want to sit on a dugalry and participate in the meetings you talk about doing this where you talk about doing this
If you want to meet me , let 's go to your garden with a couple of things and we 'll grow some things .
Hello . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in the National University of Nairobi .
On the back of me , my father 's cow , and the back of the cow , is the Nairobi , the National University of Nairobi .
The Nairobi did not be fiscal in the area of the South , which means wild animals like the horses of the park from the park .
And so animals eat meat like lions later , and this is what lions do .
They killed our cattle .
This is one of the cows that were killed at night , and when you wake up in the morning I found it dead , and I felt sad , because it was the only male who we had .
My community , Maasai , believe that we come from the road with all of our animals and all the land to keep them , that 's why we 're very important .
So I grew up with lions .
Masai Masai protect our community and our cattle , are very concerned about this .
So they killed lions .
This is one of the six lions that was killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is why lions in China 's University are very few .
Every son from six to nine , in my community , she was responsible for her father 's cowbagina , and I also had to do the same thing .
So I had to find ways to solve this .
The first idea that I was used fire , because I think the fear of fire .
But then I realized that fire didn 't really work , because it even helped to help lions see the cow .
But I 'm not from . I 'm going to think .
And my second idea is to use the compensation .
I 've tried to fool those lions [ on ] thinking ] , I 'm standing in the cattle .
But lions are smart .
They come to the first day and see the compensation , and then they come back , but second day they come and say that this isn 't moving , it 's always there .
And then the lions jumped in and killed the cattle .
So in a night , I held a tire of the crawl around the crawl , and on that day , those lions don 't come .
I discovered that lions are the fear of motion .
So I had a idea .
From the end of my little , I 've worked at my room for the day , and I even started to open the new radio of my mother , and that she was almost killed me , but I learned a lot about electricity .
So I took a battery of old carcy carcy car carcassage . It 's a small device that 's found in a car , and it helps the car drive the car to drive the car or turn . It flash
And I had a switch to turn off and open lights .
And that 's a small lightbulb from the battery .
And I put everything .
As you can see , the solar cell to use battery-quate battery , and battery-quate-quate-dense supply for the clock . I call it a camera .
And the clock would measure lightning light bulk .
As you see , the lights are out , because it 's the lions go in .
And that 's how light reflects on lions when they go to night .
The lights lightbulbs and cheating them to think that we 're walking around the cow , but actually I 'm sleep on my bed .
Thank you .
I 've put it in my house two years ago , since we don 't have any problem with lions .
The neighbors heard about this idea .
One of them is this lady .
She had a lot of cattle who were killed , and she asked me if I could help her to build the balls .
I said , " Well . "
So I put the lights . You can see the back , they are the lions .
Now , I 've been able to put seven families in my community , and they 're all working .
My idea is that my idea is used around Kenya to lose other animals like hyena , and it 's used to threaten the farmers ' farm .
And I 've been lucky to get a schedulse in one of the best schools in Kenya , the National Brooklyn Hole , and I 'm really excited about this .
My new school is starting to help with a donation and enhance consciousness .
I even took my friends on my community , and we put the lights for the families who haven 't access to it and I teach them how to put them .
One year ago , I was a little boy in the cowbagina for my father , I 'd seen flying machines , and I said to myself that one day , I 'd be sitting in the inside it .
And I 'm here today .
I had the opportunity to come here with the first time to participate in TED .
My biggest dream is that I 'm a pilot and pilot when I grew up .
I had hated lions , but now because my invention was saving the men of the father and lions , we could live with lions without any conflict .
Asholish . In my language , it means thank you .
I don 't know what was interesting to know when I heard my story .
So I had this scholarship . Yes .
I 'm doing other inventions .
What 's next in my list ?
Development is about to my grandchildren , you want to make a power barrier . How much power ?
I know that the power is invented , but I want to make my own own .
You 've tried , right , and I ... I 've been here before , but I 've stopped for electricity .
Richard Turison , I 'm different .
We 're going to take our grandchildren on our way , you 're small .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do , and what I do about -- my life -- that 's what 's made of seven years of work in Africa when kids .
From 1971 to 1977 -- I don 't do that -- I worked at Zambia , Kenya , Algeria , Algeria , in the Santa Cunis , in the technical projects with African countries .
I worked for the NGO of the Italy and every one project we created in Africa .
I was very piculated .
It was 21 years old , I thought , who was a good person and we were working in Africa .
But instead , we killed everything we hit .
The first project , what inspired my first book , " The light wave of Zamzi , " is a project that 's a project that 's decided to teach the Zambia plant .
So we 're in the Zambia with seeds from the water that 's a great valley that 's gone down the Zambzbi , and we 're taught to the people who are in the tomato and the
Of course the people who aren 't interested in doing this work , so we pay them , and sometimes they 're working .
We 're really surprised to be able to be in geometry valley , in the fat Valley of fatty , not to grow .
But instead of asking them to don 't grow anything , we simply say , " Thank you God here . "
" Just get up at the time to save Zambia from hunger . "
And of course , everything in Africa is well developed .
We have a great tomato sauce . Ataly , a big tomato sauce . In Zambia , it 's big to this size .
It 's hard to believe , and we 're telling the Zambia , " People are looking at this kind of high-bounding . "
When tomatoes started to get , nine , and there were red , just one night , about 200 galaxies under the river and clean it up and clean it up all .
We said to Zambia , " God , the hipples of the hippocke . "
And the people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow something here . "
" How many people don 't tell us before ? " " " You 've ever asked . "
I thought there was just a murderend on Africa , but then I looked at what Americans are doing , who are doing , French people who are doing , and after seeing what they do , I feel a little bit proud of their projects in
Because , you see , we 're just less likely to eat galaxies .
You should look at the crap -- you should look at something that we 've given the fiberian people who don 't have a surprising question .
You want to read a book , read " The Lamba Constitution , " by Damisa Mubo , a young lady in Zambia .
The book was released in 2009 .
We , the Western aid countries brought to Africa two billion American countries for the last 50 billion years .
I 'm not going to tell you the damage that the money had been causeed .
Let 's read her books .
Rather , from a African woman , the damage that we 've been making .
The Westerners like us are the people who are empire the empire , actually , and we only have two ways to treat other people : or to protect or to protect .
Two words are words from the word " P. P. " means " to dad . "
They bring two different meaning .
For the way , I 'm dealing with any other people from other culture , as they are my children . " I love them too . "
For the assistant , I treat all of people from other culture as my full of me .
That 's why white people in Africa are called "wana , " he 's .
I 'm like being stressed in the face of reading books , " Court , " write by Schumacher , says , all of it , in economics , if others don 't need to help , let them wear them .
This is the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respectful .
This morning , the organization that put a staff on a floor , and said , " Can we be able to -- " Well , can we imagine a city without a new democracy ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to only affect people and I created a system called Enterke Filit , where you won 't start any thing you never push , but become a full of people I 'm so excited to
So what you do -- you 're quiet .
Don 't get a community with ideas , you sit with local people .
We don 't work from offices .
We met with a coffee cafe . We 're in the cafe .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we did is we became a friend of , and we found what that person wanted to do .
The most important thing is desire .
You can give someone a idea .
If someone doesn 't want to do it , then you have to do it ?
The female desire for the development of itself is the most important thing .
The men 's desire for the development of individual is the most important thing .
And we helped them find the understanding , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The idea has no idea , but the understanding of the present .
So a lot of years ago , I had this idea : Why don 't we , just , instead , to a community , and tell people what they should do , why don 't we , even though one time ? But don 't we
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a proposition in communities .
The entrepreneurs never come to the project , and they don 't give you a life for you , in the community meetings , what they want to do with their money , the opportunity they 're just found .
So the plan has a blind point .
The most of the most people in the community don 't know because they don 't have any life on public meetings .
What we do is we work a one-by-by-by-by-by-by-by-by-by-by-tent-tent-tent structure .
You have to create a new industry .
A new professional sector as a family doctor for business , my family doctor for eat , who sat with you in your kitchen , at the kitchen , and help you find resources to make your own way to make life .
I started a trial at Eleance , Western Australia .
I 'm in philosophy at that moment , trying to avoid the way the consent method is to come and tell you what to do .
So what I did in the first year in Eleance was just the Service , and in three days , I had the first customer for a smoke in the car , named Mao , and I helped him sell fish for a
And I help these individuals who know how to work together and sell these perfect tuna , not for the box at Albane 's Meny , but we found how to sell them to Japan with 15 dollars a sign , and then the
In one year , I had 27 next projects and the government of the government to find me , " How do you do that ?
How do you do -- " And I said , " I did a very difficult job .
I 'm silent , and I listen to them . "
So -- -- so the government said to me , " Just do it . "
We did that in 300 communities around the world .
We 've helped to start the 40,000 jobs eat .
There 's a new business generation of people who are out of her .
Peter Ducker , one of the greatest management of the history of history , through the age of 96 , a few years ago .
Peter Ducker is a philosophy before working on business , and this is what Peter Ducker says : " Heart really like a business economy and a business economy . "
Heart is a munis who 's been dying for business .
So now you 're re-border Christchilding without knowing that the most wise people in Christchurch wanted to do what their money was .
You have to learn how to make these people come to talk to you .
You have to come to them to protect , privacy , you have to really interest in help them , and they 'll come , in the crowds of them pulls .
For a 10,000 people , we can have about 200 customers .
You can imagine a 400,000 community , smart intelligence and desire ?
What 's the most fascinating talk you 're clapping in this morning ?
The local people , the people who desire . That 's the people you have clicking .
So what I 'm talking about is the business of business is where it 's useful .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel-gradition of the world , the production of the production of renewable , and the conflicts of the community , we have uniform systems .
Embroadiums in sustainability .
Fred Fredon 's way to store things is not sustainable .
What we have to look at is how we do to nurture , treat , education , move and communication and communication for seven billion people in sustainability .
There 's no technology that 's done .
But what wouldn 't the technology for the green revolution ? Except ?
The government ? Forget !
That 's going to be the list , and they 're doing it right now .
There 's a very happy story that I read on a magazine about a lot of years ago .
There 's a group of experts invited to discuss the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in 1860 , the group of people together meetings together , and guess what happens to the New York City for the next 100 years , and the conclusion is the most place , New York City will not exist in 100 years .
So why ? Because they look at the curve on the map and say , if the population has been developing this rate , to move a number of cities of New York they 'll need to go to six million horses , and the waste from
They 're going to be cable in the horse .
So in 1860 , they saw this technology that worked for life in New York City .
So what happened ? In the last 40 years , to 1900 , in the United States , there are 1,200100 companies that produce cars --1 .
The idea of looking for a different technology has been completely transceived on all and there are very small machines in the stagnation .
Dearborn , Migan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with business .
First of all , you have to bring them to security .
No , they 're not going to find it for you .
Then you have to bring them a great service , separate and passionately .
And then you have to tell them about business .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to have three great jobs : what you want to sell is to sell you to the best-class , you have to have a perfect promotent campaign , and you have to have a perfect financial
Think about it ?
We never met a individual in the world , who can just make it , sell it and he 's got money at the same time .
It 's not exist .
This animal never was born .
We did a study , and we looked at 100 companies in Carnegie , Westing the World , Edison , Edison , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world , just one thing that 's not : No company started with one person .
We now teach the business of 16-year-old age in Northbumberland , we start in the first classroom to give them two Bran Bran , and the job of working on 16-year-old , in the first two
There 's never been word " I , and " we " 32 times .
He didn 't start a little bit .
KH who started a company . No one .
So we can create a community where there are people who have a foundation of business modeling in a coffee , wine , wine , and you can make you make you what someone who makes people talk about the heroic heroic heroic heroes ? "
What can you do ? You do it ?
Okay , you can sell it ? Can you manage money ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do this . " Do you want me to find somebody else for you ? "
We activate communities .
We have the volunteers to help Enter Facco-bilitil Filotor who help find resources and humans and we discovered that the strange thing from the smartphone of the local people like something you could challenge culture and economic economic
Thank you .
For the third month , 2011 , I made the picture of New York City .
We are blue creatures .
In the dark dark roommat , and general is avoiding sunlight .
We regulate the thinner , the more beautiful skin , transformative things can 't be able to be able to get criticized on the newspaper , but in us also have the talent of the years of experience and understand real photography .
In November 2011 , it was watching the world in the world , I saw the tragedy that happened in Japan .
Then , the volunteer organization I 've been involved in the Alands Volune , for a few days , in the middle of the effort .
I , with hundreds of volunteers understand that cannot just sit at home , so I decided to join them for three weeks .
On March 13 , I found a city of Popato .
It 's a small village of Iwate , with about 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunis .
It 's made it to be seen over 24 meters , and over three miles deep in land .
Maybe imagine , town was destroyed .
We pulled the slips from the channel , the tunnel .
Tid up school , the door-border sanction , ready for innovation and recovery .
We clean the tons of destiny and stressed from the local local local government .
We 're hiding , but everybody 's happy .
In weeks , volunteers and local people find something .
They 're looking for images and images and camera and SD .
All of it .
They collected and they talked about them to manage places around the social market .
Not to go at that point I realized that these pictures were true , but a very large part of the individual loss of the people .
When they run the waves , they keep the revolution , they 've left all , everything is left behind .
On the end of the week , I went to help a downtown in town .
I 'm able to clean the stream of public hot water , a huge bath of bath .
This is where the center is where the Politics have collected pictures .
This is where people talk about them , and I 'm going to make honor , because they believe that I 'm allowing them to clean the pictures .
It was really excited . I heard that , I had to think of the face of the framework , but just when I was really experience that new miracles happened .
When I look through pictures , there are some more than a hundred years old , some of the enabled brands from the lawnhing room . I think , is a edit of the pictures I can repair that and I know , hundreds of
So I went to Facebook and asked some of the people , and I received a lot of feedback , I knew I had to start on the job .
We started to fix these pictures .
This is the first place .
Not being broken , but water was water that had changed her face , to repair the exact same level and high-border .
If not , girls in the form , they don 't look like them , and they 're sure that it 's bad .
In the course of time , a lot of images are made , and more people need edit , so again , I 've been on Facebook and LinkedInIn , for the last year , I 've found 80 people who
In the last two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , to March , we 've created the neighbors of Rikuzentata , far from the northern town to Yamaba .
Every week , we put our scans in the temporary library of the temporary library , which was established before , so people were getting back to their pictures .
The big women who had never seen the scanning machine , but after 10 minutes , found their own life , gave us a scan , uploaded a cloud , to upload a voidin , to upload a strange person , in a place on a
The time spent the rest of the state is a different story , and obviously depended on the harm of the picture .
It could take a hour . It could take a week .
It could be lost in months .
The metals of this photograph are almost made by hand , or put them , from colorful parts and details haven 't been broken .
It 's very expensive .
Now , all these pictures have been broken , water in saltwater , drowned in saltwater , covered in bacteria , in the water , sometimes in oil , for a time , so they 'll continue to break it up a lot of money
We cannot fix if the image doesn 't clean , dry and improve .
We 've seen luck with hand-pattern mast .
There 's a great local woman who led us .
It 's very easy to make these pictures that have broken .
My group of Wynnene once said , it 's like tattoo for someone .
You don 't have a wrong opportunity .
The women bring us these pictures , when they can be recovery .
She wiped them out and stopped getting it out of a lot of damage .
You 've got the copy of the picture .
If not , places like her husband and her face , never could be able to be able to put them together in a different photograph , and to make all the picture .
When she received the images from us , she shared a little bit of their stories .
These pictures are produced by her husband find out at a fire , between the long-term sliced sliced around the road where there 's a destroyed , and they 've realized he .
Day , you 're responsible for the ties of the tie .
He had to go back to the water when the snegical algebum .
Two little boys , not as small as a child , two son 's son are in school , two different schools .
One is stuck in the water .
It took a week , she found them and knew that they were all alive .
I 'm going to give her a day of her youngest son of 14-year-old son .
For her , after all , these pictures are perfect gifted for him , something that could be able to reassure the past , to remember the past that I 'm not infected from that month , when the entire month was messed or destroyed
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers were participating in All Hands , hundreds of people had been cleaned over 135,000 photos , most of them -- most of them , most of them , this is what matters .
Fifty years of global volunteers have been giving up for 90 families , hundreds of pictures were completely restored and edit .
In this time , we 've been not too much of a thousand dollars for equipment and materials , most of the cost of print .
We took a row .
Every picture reminds someone or something , a place , a relationship , a relationship .
They are the ideas that we have the idea and our stories , are the final thing we have to have to keep for and also the first thing we 're going to go back to search .
It 's the meaning of this project , recovery that recovery , recovery the small pieces of humanity , provide the connection to someone .
When a picture is that it 's paid back , it 's going to make a big change in the life of the people 's life .
It also makes a big difference in the life of the people who fix .
For some of them , they were connected to something big , for something , to make a different use of something else than the thin model and skin skin .
I wanted to read a email to end this talk . Youail from Cindy , a person who gave me a picture , sent me back from Japan after six months .
" When I do it , I can 't think of each of my own and stories contain in pictures .
There was a picture of a woman who was in the house , from old and young , around a little bit of a child , had hit me because my house had a similar picture , my mother , my mother , my mother , and my daughter ,
On the other side of the global geometry , whether we are , our basic needs is , like , right ? "
Thank you .
I was at the depth of almost 50 meters in a legal mine in Ghana .
The air istaking buses and hot , and it 's very difficult .
I can feel the collision from the diphuty through the dark , but I can 't see anything .
I heard that voice , but almost like a tunnel of the hills and rocks were broken by crude tools .
As people , I wear a cheap battery , cheap , cheap , it 's embedded in the old condom , I can 't see the fiber-lar trees that are fighting to kill the walls of 0.28 feet deep down the
When I slip , I remember the new mine who had met a few days ago , had been sliced by the way down to that tunnel .
When I talk to you today , these people are still in that hole , the life-solving and widespread or labor , and often die .
I was climbed out of that hole , and they were home , but they would never be home , because they were getting into slaves .
In 28 years , I collected the local cultural materials in the mid-sized , over the same six-lived , and I had the honor of the only exhibit of the Vancouver .
In the incredible talents I met there , I met a supporter for the Santa Cassa , an members of the modern slaves , the end of the modern slavespestill .
We started talking about slaves , and actually , I started to figure out about slaves because I knew it was in the world , but not there .
After the talk , I 'm really awful and really embarrassing about understanding this kind of evil in my life , and I think , if I don 't know , how many people don 't know ?
It started to make a dugment , so a few weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Hanta Crimage programs and suggest that they were able to help .
And then the journey started to work in the modern world .
The strange thing I 've been here is that many of these places .
Some places I 've looked at my house .
But this time , I want to see the fact that the truth is being shining .
A strong estimation for us , we know , more than 27 million people are being destroyed by the world today .
That 's twice the number of people who are being brought out of Africa during the Atlantic , which are also over the Atlantic .
150 years ago , a three-year-old slaves twice as much as a year of a American workers .
Similarly with 50,000 dollars today .
But today , many families are being slaves through many generations of 18-dollar debt .
It was astonishing , slaves-profit , which created more than 13 billion dollars a year on the world .
Many people were fooled by the promise of education , better jobs , to see that I was being able to work in the Vivili , and not out of it .
Santa Today 's service service for commercial , goods that slaves value , but people create them being considered as a waste .
The slaves are almost everywhere in the world , whether it 's illegal in all .
In India and Nepal , I was brought to a bricks .
This strange landscape of beauty is like walking into the ancient world or Dante of Dante .
Sen is filled with 54 degrees , men , girls , children , all the families , are shining in the blind , doing the machine , to the first , to 18 every time , and bring them from oven-turned cars
It 's dilated by the rhetorical and exile , they 're silent , and they 're doing it again , again , and over the next 16 or 17 hours a day .
There 's no food , now to eat , because of a serious water is going to be lost by becoming a moment .
It 's gone and the dust that my camera is hoted to the end of my camera can 't touch the stop .
For 20 minutes , I had to go back to the wilder car to wip the equipment and let them work under the heat of the recovery , and when I sat there , my camera was left better than those people .
So I 'm just crying , but I 'm just crying , but the people who are slaves to the slaves quickly holding me and say , " Lisa , don 't do that . Don 't do that here . "
He explained that emotion is very dangerous at this place , not for me , but for them .
I couldn 't directly help them .
I don 't give them money , nothing .
I 'm not that citizens .
I can put them into worse situation in their present .
I 've got to be based on the Santa Crimage to operate in the system to liberate them , and I believe they can .
For me , I had to wait to be able to really feel pain .
In Himalayas , I see children as they get rocks across a lot of mountains down the road waiting for the road .
The big rocks are more heavy than the kids , the children get their up to the top of the wooden , the rope and the rope .
Weren 't really heavy things .
How can we create this big monoton , and then happen in the future ?
Some people don 't even know themselves are slaves , they 're not 16 , 17 hours a day , because their life is only aware of it .
They don 't have to compare .
When this village requires freedom , their clean slaves .
These people don 't have , they die , they want to start , but women in the middle of the town and call people who are dead , and people who are sliced in the field that help them get to contract their own rocks ,
We think about sexal slaves when we heard from slaves , and because of this general perception , I was very difficult to work safely in this specific industry .
In Kathmandu , I was sent by women who were slaves .
They led me down the stairs to the dirty baseline , in the dark light .
This is actually not the land .
It 's more like a restaurant .
The ovarian restaurants , as they know about in the industry , are the local markets of rapexism .
Every place that has small room , where slaves , women , girls and girls , seven-year-old , were forced to reserve to the customers , they bought wine and eat .
Whatever bedrooms and dark and dark , get realized by the number of paint on the wall of the pills and shaking .
The guy is often is often abused by the way , under the customers .
Stand in that dark perspective , I remember that fear of fear , and then , I just understand how to be in hell is .
There 's just one way : the staircase I 'm coming in .
There 's no climate store .
There 's no big window that goes .
These people don 't have a way out , when we talk about the hard subject , we need to remember that slaves , including slaves of sex , happening where we live .
Hands of tens of thousands of people are slaves in agriculture , in the restaurant , I 'm miserable , and listing the long .
Recently , New York Times report that from 100,000 to 300,000 children are being sold to sexually education every year .
It 's around us . We 're not just seeing .
Cities are often thought about when they talk about slaves .
I went to many villages in India , where many families were slaves in silk .
This is a family portrait .
Sometimes dye is a dad , blue hands and red are his son .
They bleed in big boxes , and silk into that service to the hands , whether it 's very toxic .
My service told their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But still hope that someone can get out of this house and go different places where we 're paid to dye . "
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children than 4,000 children doing slaves in Volta , the largest human lake of the world .
When I first came there , I went through a turn .
I see the same as a family of fish in the boat , two boys , some smaller , are they compounding ?
Wrong . They 're slaves .
Children are being sent out of family , selling and lost , and they 're arrested in these boats , although they don 't know .
This child is eight .
My ship swak when our boat came near , and she was afraid of the boat that she was able to crush .
He was so afraid of falling down the water .
The branches of Volta 's criteria are often stuck in the fishing grid , and the kids are just so sick that they 're just pushed down the water to meet the water .
Many of them die .
What he remembers , is she was being worked at the clock .
The fear of democracy , you 're not running , and because of the damaged disgusting , you 're going to happen to the slaves of slaves that they 're managers .
I met these boys at five hours , when they 're pulling the last grid , but they worked from a morning .
In the dark nightmatic nightsmog .
We need to think that these grid are almost 500 kilos when they 're full of fish .
I want to introduce Ko-fi-fi .
Koii was saved from a dugment .
I met him in the assistant that the Embassadium recovery was slaves .
Where they 're in the well , they 're in the water , and the great news is , when you and I 'm sitting here today , Ko Kii is packed with family , and better , or more , your family
Kids are the present of the ability .
How would you be somebody who would be standing up and change my life ?
The car on the road in Ghana , also the colleagues in the Fil Cooper , one of you 're based on slaves , you 're on the slavesders that are going to be able to accelerate our cars and type
He told us that we went on the mud in the wooden road .
In the end , he urged us to leave our cars , and he told the car to drive .
And then just this blurge , and he said , " This is the way , this is the way . Let 's go . "
Walk in that way , we map the wires , and then we 're going to go back in the forest , the traces that have been drowned in the water after the rains , so I 'm taking the screen on
After two hours of the tire , the traces around the end of the empty land , and before our eyes are a huge area of rocking , they contain full of slaves .
Many women are leading to their back in the back of the gold , and over the water of the water of the water .
Tainbtedly used in the extracting process .
These mines are being slaves in the tunnel in Ghana 's other area of Ghana .
When they go out of the tunnel , they 're getting duged by their own sweat .
I remember looking at their red eyes , their tiredness , because many of them were under the ground to 72 hours .
The tunneling to both hundred meters , they get on a heavy pierm pane to move them to other areas , where rock was crushed to get gold .
Look , the rockets are so strong , but when they look close , there are much less lucky than working in tough , there are children .
They 're all the victim of the damage , disease and violence .
In fact , many of these muscles are the same as this person , being deployed and toxic to the bank in a few years .
This is Manuru . When he lost his dad , he was brought to the same mine .
When the uncle is lost , Manuru in the owe of his debt , and was forced to slaves in this mine , it 's longer .
When I met , he worked 14 years in the mine , and the wounded in the legs you see here are from a victim in my mine who says he has to see .
On the end , Manuru was a duction , but still was working on the day of the tunnel .
Anyway , he still dreamed freedom to go to school with local help of local activist organizations like Santa Cassa , and decided to be on this face of strangers , which made me up the face of the incredible people .
I want to get slaves to light .
When I worked in this area , I brought in a lot of candle , with the help of the campaigner , I got to get to the people I took pictures that I wanted to take the story and my shoes , and then I was told
They know their shapes will be seen by the people out there , like you .
I want them to know that we 're going to show them , and we 're going to do anything that can help them change life .
I really believe , if we look at other people like the kind of people , it 's very difficult to drill crimes of slaves like slaves .
The pictures are not about the question . They are about human , honest , as you and me , all deserve the right hand , honor and respect and respect to each other .
There was no day I didn 't think about these amazing people who were dressed . I had a big honor to meet them .
I hope these pictures will be able to make a powerful source of people in the audience , like you , and hopefully that power will be able to lever the fire , that fire will shine into slaves , because there 's no light , the
Thank you very much .
