When I was a little bit , I thought that NorthTrr was the best country in the world and I often sing the " We don 't have toy . "
I was proud of my country .
In school , we spent a lot of time to learn about the life of Venus , but not learning about the outside world , except the United States and Japan is our enemies .
Even though I 've ever wondered how the world is , but I think I 'm going to live in NorthTra , until everything suddenly changed .
When I was seven , I saw the scene that people were running the first time in my life , but I still think my life was completely normal .
My family is not poor , and I 've never been hungry .
But on a day of 1995 , my mother brought home a letter from a sister with her mother .
And there 's a write : When you read these lines of five people who are not on this life , because they 've had nothing to eat in two weeks .
All of us are on the floor , and our bodies are weak to feel like death is very close .
I was shocked .
So that was the first time I knew that my cell was suffering .
Not long after that , when I go through a station , I see a great scene that I never forget .
On the station is the dead star of a two-packing lady who 's still hugging a baby , and she 's just looking at her face .
But there 's no one to help them , because all of them are concerned about themselves and family .
In the middle of the 90s , North Korea had gone through a serious star .
It 's more than a million Korea died in hunger , and a lot of people survived to eat lawns , worms and shells .
It 's more electricity that happens often , so everything around me is drowning into the dark dark , except the light from the middle of China just how I was a river .
I always wondered why they had electricity , no .
This is a photograph from North Korea taken at night with water around .
This is the Asian Asp is the natural border of North Korea and China .
You can see that the river has a very narrow bit , so some of the Northern Korea that crossed China .
But a lot of people died .
And I saw them in the river .
I can 't talk about how I 've hiding from North Korea , how could just say that in the years of poverty I 'm sent to China to live with a long line .
I think I 'm going to go to a short time .
I never could imagine that I 'm going to get them 14 years .
In China , her life was separated from her family as I was very difficult .
I didn 't imagine what happened to the life of a refugee from North Korea would be like , but I soon realized that it wasn 't very difficult , but it was very dangerous , because the refugee people from North Korea were considered to
I always live in a fear that my identity is going to be discovered , and I 'm going to be paid about old life in North Korea .
One day , that nightmare has become true , I 've been seen the Chinese police police and brought to the police to the table .
Someone told them that I was North Korea , so they checked my Chinese and asked me a lot of questions .
I was very afraid , and I felt like my heart was going to explode .
Because if they see something out of nature , I 'm going to get rid of the prison and then being paid about water .
I think my life is here , but I 'm still trying to control my emotions and answer their questions .
After done , one of the two police said to the other person , this is a mistake .
It 's not North Korea . "
And they released me . It was a magic .
Some Northern Korea in China came to the foreign ambassadors to refugee camps , but a lot of them were arrested by China and paid about water .
These girls were very lucky .
Because even though it was arrested , but at the end of science was released by the international community .
But North Korea did not get lucky .
Every year , there were no North Korea who were arrested in China and being paid about water , where they were tortured , or locked up .
Whereas I was very lucky , because I was released , many of my colleagues were not .
The North Korea had to cover their identity and struggle to exist as a tragedy .
Even though they 've learned Chinese and found a job , their life can be closed in a moment .
That 's why after 10 years of checklist , I decided to decide whether I went to Korea , to start a new life again .
It 's going to be more difficult than I imagine .
Because in Korea , English has a very important place , so I started to learn English , my third language .
I also realized that a big distance between South and North Korea .
We 're all North Korea , but we 've become very different from 67 years of cut .
I went through a crisis of mine .
I am South Korea or North Korea ?
Where am I coming ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , I don 't have a country to be proud of as the country .
Despite to adapt to the Jewish life , but I 've created a plan .
And started learning to be prepared for college .
However , as soon as I 've done with my life here , I 've been announced a terrible news .
North Korea had discovered the number of money that I sent about family , and , to punish , they would start my family to move back into a rural area .
To let them quickly get out of that , I started to plan my family .
North Korea had to cross the distance that seemed not to come to freedom .
Because the border from North Korea to South Korea is almost impossible , so I have to fly to China and then go back to North Korea .
Because my family didn 't know the Chinese , so I had to go along with 2,000 miles in China and then go to South Asia .
The journey of the bus last week , and a few times as we 're almost .
Once , our car was blocked and discovered by a Chinese police .
He collected the letter of everybody , and started to investigate .
Because my family didn 't understand the Chinese , so I thought they were going to be arrested .
When the Chinese police came close to them , I immediately stood up and told him that these were deaf people that I had to go together .
He looked at me , but he was lucky , he believed me .
And we went on to the borders of the Liberia , but I had to use almost all the money that we had to bribe to the borders .
However , after we went through borders , my family was caught in prison for cross-border borders .
After I applied to the punishment , my family was released for a month , and then being arrested again in the city of Liberia .
It was the most despair in my life .
I did all kinds of ways to bring my family to freedom , and I 'd like to be successful , but they 're just being arrested while we 're only in Korea a short distance .
I went back to the middle of the landscape and the police and the police , despairing the way to get my family out of it , but I don 't have enough money to bribe or pay the money .
I 'm completely despair .
Right now , there 's a man who asked me , " What 's that ? "
I was amazed by a very strange person to care about how I was .
By my little English language and a dictionary , I told him the context of my family . Not a little bit because he went to ATMTM , pay all of my family and two different North Korea so that they were born .
I thank him with my heart , and I also asked , " Why do you help me ? "
" I don 't help her , " He said .
" I 'm helping North Korea . "
I realized that it was a huge moment in my life .
Compared from men who became a new hope for me and the Northern Koreaians when we were really needed it , and he showed me from strangers and the international community of hope that North Korea was looking for us .
Finally , after a long journey and my family was collected in Korea , but it was just half of the struggle .
A lot of North Korea was separated with their families , and when they came to another country , they had to start with very few or almost no money .
So we can get help from the international community for education , training English , taught , and many other areas .
We can also play a role in the middle of the people in North Korea with the outside world , because there are many of us who are living communication with other families in the country , and we share with money to change North Korea from North Korea .
I was very lucky to get a lot of help and inspiration during my life , so I wanted to be able to bring together to my country a chance to develop with international support .
I believe that you 're going to see more and more of North Korea in the world , including TED stage .
Thank you .
Today I 've got a request .
Don 't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I want to show you with my brother 's brother .
Rebi 22 years old , siece and very beautiful .
I 'm not saying , but I 'm communicating the joy of the way that even the best heroes can 't do it .
Remi knows what love is .
I 'm sharing it in a way that no matter how no matter .
He 's not blue . You 're not magic .
I don 't care about religion , and let 's understand : I 've never been lying .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to remember words that I can 't , he reminds me of how little brains come , and what we don 't know .
Samuel 16-year-old . You 're very good .
You have a perfect memory .
But there is also selection .
You don 't remember whether you had my candy candy candy of mine , but I remember the last year of my iPods on my iPod , the stories between us from four-year-old , my hand on top day
These stories are amazing ?
But most people don 't agree .
And in fact , because of my minds are not matching with normal social version , they 're often abused and misconception .
But what makes my heart and my mind more powerful and more powerful than that , although this is true , even though they don 't think of normal , this is just possible : they 're so unusual -- the people who are regular .
For you 're not familiar with the record of the autism , it 's a brain disorder that affects the social ability , learning and sometimes the instincts .
Parliament in every other individual , that 's why Rebi is very different from Sam .
And in the world , 20 minutes , there 's another person who 's diagnosed with autism , and although it 's one of the most recent disorders in the world , we don 't know why or treatment .
And I can 't remember the first time I approached autism , but I can 't remember a day without it .
I was three years old when I was born and I was excited that there was another person in my life .
And after a few months , I realized that you were different .
You scream a lot .
I don 't want to play like other girls , and in fact , I don 't really like anything else .
Rebi lives and stressed in their own world , with their own rules , and I see the joy in the smallest things , like putting cars around the room and staring at thehing machine and eat anything in the hand .
When you grow up , you become more different , and the differences become better .
But out of the anger and racing and curiously disgusting is nothing really unique : a pure , a teenager , a little kid looking at the life of knowledge , a human being never lie .
Africa is often .
Well , I can 't deny that there 's a couple of difficult moments in my family , the moment I wish I wished them as well .
But I put my memory back back to what they 've taught me about how , the communication and love and I realize that this is what I 'm going to lose .
The average event misses the beauty that the differences give us and how different we do not mean one of us .
It means there 's another kind of thing .
And if I can only communicate a piece for Remi and for Sam and give you , that 's you don 't have to be normal .
You can do it .
Because there 's autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! Who brings us a gift , and in fact , pursuing the normal person is the largest potential .
The opportunity for the greatness , progress and giving change off when we try to become like another person .
RS : Don 't say I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Maybe you all agree with me is a very beautiful way .
It 's built from plastic , and the plastics are sort of a car that running on it , but it 's not always , especially in these days as the Sun 's rain .
And then you can get the water on the edge .
And especially if you 're bikes , and it 's gone through these cars .
In addition , plastics are also making more noise .
It 's a noise material , if we make the streets of Dutch , it 's very close to cities , we want a quiet path .
The solution for the problem is to make roads from plastics .
Traditional sugar is whether we 're now using to build most countries in the Dutch , it 's olive and waterning water through hole , so all the rains will get out , and you 're going to have
And noise also disappeared .
Because it 's empty , all noise will disappear , so it 's very quiet .
Of course , there 's still a lot of it , and it 's the media of this kind of crawling , the bubble can happen .
What 's the crack ? You see it on this road rock .
First of all you get a rock , and then more and more and more and more , more , more , and then -- -- -- oh , I 'm not going to do that .
But they can break your cars , so you 're not happy with that .
And after all , this cracked bubble would cause more .
Sometimes they make the slums .
Well . He 's ready .
The chicken , of course , could be a problem , but we had solutions .
It 's really like you see here here that there 's a sign that 's damaged .
It 's plastic , as I said , you just have a little bit of a clue between rockets .
In the impact of weather , sunlight radiation , this plastic condition , the plastic condition , the plasticosum is in the middle of these blocks , and if it 's going to close , it 's going to have a small crap , and
And if you drive up the road , you 'll destroy these blocks -- like we 've seen here .
To solve this problem , we 've created materials .
If we created this myself , we could find solutions .
What we can do is we can do is use a flock of styles with steel , and we 're going to clean the flock of steel , and we blew these little pieces of plastic .
So we have plastics mix with very small steel .
And then you need a machine , as you see here , it 's a machine to cook -- a machine sensor .
Thank you from being able to make heat , particularly steel lead a very good heat .
The things that you do are heat hot steel , you make the bits of plastic , and the plastic is going to melting these little crazes , and the rocks will be connected to the classroom .
Today I use a cylinder because I can 't bring a bulb from a bulkyo on stage .
The waves also have similar activity .
I 've put the model in the oven , now I 'll get it out , to check it out .
This is the samples that 's taken .
I said we invented a industrial machine in the lab , to heat the samples .
In the lab we 've tried a lot of samples , and then the government , they 've really seen the results , and they say , " Well , that 's good . We have to try . "
And then they gave us a Parliament , 400 meta-58 , we had to build this new material .
So that 's what we 've done here . You see the pathway that we 've done , and then of course this path is going to exist in a lot of years without damaged . That 's what we learned from the real
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tried them in the lab .
So we 're aging , we put a lot of important things on it , we 're going to stick them back with the sensor , put them back and try it again .
We can do a lot of time .
And indeed , the conclusion comes from this research is that if we nurture four years ago , it 's a big version of the size that we 've created it in fact -- if we told the four years we told the road , we could
Well , to get together , I can tell you that we 've created a kind of steel materials using steel , in steel , using heat , to actually help increase the lifespan of the longevity , it 's sometimes you 're working
Now you 're wondering if it works or not .
We have the samples here . It 's pretty warm .
It 's supposed to let it cooler before I showed you the efficiency of Medicine .
But let me try it .
Look . Well , it 's stuck .
Thank you .
Today I 'm here to talk about a confusing question that the answer has a very bad confusing .
The subject is the secret of family , and the question I 'm asking is the question that people are always wondering : Why is she stay ?
Why should the women come back to them ?
I 'm not a psychologist , not a social justiceman or a professional violence .
I 'm just a woman who wanted to share my story .
And then I was 22 years old , and I was good at Harvard .
I moved to New York City when I worked first wrote and edition for Senberg .
When I first had my apartment , American Expresses my own , and I had a big secret .
The secret is , this gun is filled with bullets of showl , just straight in my head , because men have thought , from this time .
My man was interested in all the people who were guning at the beginning and threat to kill me when I didn 't remember it .
I 'm here to tell you about crazy love , a camps are camouflage in the shell that millions of women and even a year ago .
This can be your story .
I 'm not like a family problem .
I 've got an English election from Harvard University , and the marketing business service from Wharon .
I 've been able to work for companies in the top 500 of the U.S. and Johnson , Leo and the Washington Times .
I 'm married with the second husband almost 20 years and had three children .
My dog is like the black Lab , and I 'm driving Hondo Odinsey .
So the first thing I want to talk to you is that family violence happens with everyone , every religion , everything levels of income and education .
It happens everywhere .
And the second thing I want to say is that people think that families happen with women , is the problem of women .
Not true .
More than 85 percent of the violence is men , and the family violence happened just in the design relationship , constraints , in other families , the end of our family , the last place we want or to see the violence is a cause of the family
I said to myself , I was the other person on Earth who lived with men who had beat myself , but actually , I was a typical victim of my age .
I 'm only 22 years old , living in the United States , women from 16 to 24-year-old , three times more than family than women at other age , and on 500 women and girls in this age killed every year by the age
I used to be a typical victim because I don 't know about family violence , the warning signals .
I met the Conor of a month , a cold rain .
He sat next to me in the New York City , and he started to talk to me .
He told me about two things .
One is he , like me , I 've graduated from Ivy League and that he worked at a very impressive bank in Wall Street .
But the most impressive thing for me is he 's smart , he 's smart and he looks like a farmer .
He 's got these big , big , big , big-border cheek and hair like yellow rice and he seems so sweet .
One of the most clever things did , from the beginning , is to create an illusion that I 'm a promiscuous relationship .
He did this in the first time by religion .
We started dating , and he loved me about everything that I was smart , that I chose Harvard , that I was trying to help new girls and work .
He wanted to know everything about my family and about my childhood , hope and dreams .
I believe I , as a writer and a woman in a way that nobody has ever had .
And he also created the magician of our trust in the middle of us by getting his secret , that he 's like a child from four years old being abused to be abused and continuing by his sererity , and he
That explains why Ivy Legage and work in Wall Street and his light future has a big meaning to him .
If you say to me that men are smart , joyful , thank you for me , how many people are born when I 'm page or not , my dress is short , where I live , where I 'm working , who 's my
I didn 't know that the first stage in any family 's violence is the temptation and the victim .
I don 't know that the second stage is her victim .
Now , I don 't come home for a day and said , " Hey , you know , you know , all this kind of Rome and I need to move into the next stage where I 'm building her and — " So I need
Instead , the I 've been home at a Friday night and he said to me that he 's going to work today 's dream , and he said , he said , he left me , because I 've got him safe and love that
Now , the final thing I want to do is leave the New York City and my dreams , but I think you have to die for your life , so I agree , I agree , I agree and I 'm together .
I don 't think that I 've been in a crazy love situation , that I 'm walking the first step into the psychology , money and I can be placed very carefully .
The next step in this violence is to bring into violence and see how she react .
From here , guns come in .
When we moved to New England -- you know , where I 'm based on a safe feeling -- he bought three guns .
He kept a tree in the container of our cars .
We 've got a bottom of our bed knees where he 's always between .
And he said he needed these guns because the damage that he had gone through the past when he was a child .
He needed them to feel protected .
But these guns are actually a message for me , and even though he haven 't brought my arm back , but my life is in danger every day .
You 've attacked me five days ago .
It was when I was seven in the morning when I was wearing sleep .
I 'm blueing on the roof , trying to get a piece of paper , and I 'm disappointed , I 'm going to use my anger , and I 'm trying to get two around my neck of my neck and
In the next day , 10 bruises on my neck , and I put my wedding dress , and married with him .
The things that happened , I 'm sure we 're going to live happy because I love him and he also love me a lot .
And he was very sorry .
He was really very stressful for the wedding and the family with me .
It 's a destiny , and he 'll never make my pain .
It happened two times in the moon .
For the first time , I 'm driving cars to find a secret , and I 'm optimistic , he 's hit a very strong side of my head that I 'm going to continue to hit the window .
A few days later , when he 's driving back home after the moon , he 's tired of cars , and he throws out the Big Mac in my face .
I 'm going to get me two times a week for the next two months and half years from married .
I was wrong when I was the only case and I was alone in this story .
One third of the American women went through family violence or a number of days of life and announced that 15 million children were abused every year , 15 million .
So I was really in a very good company .
Back in my question : Why am I here ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know he 's violence .
He even took the gun in my head , push me down to the floor , threat to kill my dog , the keys out of the car when I was driving the car at the highway to my head when I was wearing the interview , I
Instead , I 'm a powerful woman in love with a man who has a problem , and I 'm the only person on Earth could help the face of his bad thing .
The other question that people ask , why don 't you leave ?
Why don 't I walk ? I can remove any time .
For me , that 's the sad question and the most painful , because we , the victims who know something that you don 't know : it 's a terrible danger to leave a journey like that .
Because the final step in the family was killing her .
More than 70 percent of the family was happening after the victim ended up with the relationship , after she left , because then the violence was nothing to lose .
But the other consequences are as long as being tracked , even after the abuse of married abuse ; it 's gone from the financial resources ; and the athletes of the entire family to make fear and her children , these kids are often forced by
And we keep asking , why don 't she go ?
I 've been able to go , because a long-funded violence has hit my own destiny .
I realized that the man was very loyal to kill me if I left him .
So I 've broken silence .
I tell people : the police , neighbors , my friends and my family , the strangers , and I 'm here today because you 're all helping me .
We have the clues of victims of the victim , the women who destroy themselves , the good things that are hurt .
The question , " Why are you here ? "
It 's the reason of some of her , " That 's her apologies when I 'm here , " as a victim of men 's love to make decisions with us .
But since I came up with " Crazyve , " I 've heard hundreds of stories from men and women who have gone out , who learned a learning lesson from life , but what 's happened , and who built a life --
Because the fact that I 'm a typical victim of family violence has ended me been the dictionary survivors .
I 'm married with a healthy man , and we have three children .
I 've got the black Lab and I have the Minivals .
What I never had half , forever was a gun in my head because someone told me he loved me .
Right now , maybe you 're thinking , " Well , it 's great , " Oh , she 's stupid . " But all this time , I 've really talked about you .
I 'm sure you 're listening to me at the time that people are being abused or people who are abused when they are small or abused themselves .
The abilities can affect your daughter , your girlfriend , your best friend right now .
I can end my crazy story by discovering silence .
I 'm beating silence today .
This is how I help other victims , and this is my final requirement .
Let 's talk about what you 're heard here .
The contrary was frightening in silence .
You 've got power to end with a simple family violence in that light .
We need victims of all of us .
We need you to understand the secret of family violence .
Texting the light of today by talking about it with your children , your colleagues and your family .
It 's gone back to their life , but they 're happy , they 're supposed to love with open future .
Recently known early signals of violence and deceptions of conscience , reduce it down , just for the victim to safely .
Together we can make our beds and our families eat and our families become peace and safe .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a particular group of animals .
There are about 10,000 birds in the world .
Kids are one of the most important birds .
When you see an abnormation like this , the first thing that shows up in your head is , these are awful creatures , ugly animals , eat and just close to meat , ideas about politicians .
I want to change that perception . I want to change the feeling that you spend for these birds , because they need to come to our compassion . They really need .
I 'm going to tell you why .
First of all , why are they impressive ?
When Charles Darwin crossed the Pacific 1832 from the Beagleo , he found some Turkish peoples , he said , " These birds are really disgusting with the redes that are created to create in a
You can 't be dilized worse , and that 's from Charles Darwin .
You know , he changed his opinion when he came back , let me tell you why .
They 're also connected to Disney -- characterized , stupid , stupid , stupid .
Recently , if you 're watching the news in Kenya -- these are the specific properties that connect with the Keya . But I want to resist that .
I want to protest because you know what ?
Because the landscape doesn 't keep the environment in clean .
The police don 't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're almost impossible to do a husband 's wife .
They 're a long time .
And , what I love is , the kings that look more .
There are two kinds of votes on this planet .
The World Kids were found primarily in the U.S. in the United States , like the animals and carcorosas , where there were 16 species , where there were 11 species . In these 16 species , there were 11 species of
So why the squidges matter ? First of all , they provide essential service service service . They clean .
They 're really the natural trash .
They 're cleaned up to the bones .
They 're helping to kill bacteria . They 're helping to pollinate the coal that we 've been able to spread and make big loss of the cattle and cause other animals .
The most recent studies showed that at the areas that don 't have deadly known as three to four times to destroy , and the big result is the spread of disease .
Kids also have a big history of their importance .
They were connected to ancient culture .
Nkhbet is the symbol of the protective and mother and mother , and together with tiger , they symbolize the most compound of M & amp ; Matheman 'sens .
In Hindu 's Hindu , Jatayu is the venture capitalist , and he had a life-funded risk of life to save the Sitarish from the Ravana .
In the Tibetian culture , they 're doing very important . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to be buried , or there 's no wood to fire them , so the ketemetmines
So what 's the caring ?
We have eight kets that appear in Kenya , in which there are six species threatened with high threats .
The reason why they 're headed , they 're headed , because there are the winners between the people and the wild , the communities that are using these toxic to get into the hunting animals but rather , so the peoples
In South Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four kets are tagged in high school list , which means they 're less than 10 or 15 years to touch the species and so that they 're turned into a predators because they '
This drug has been used in India in India .
Because there 's no traces that should have the spread of the wild dogs in animals that contain animals when you have a wild dogs , you have a giant bomb backyard . The number has a lot of wild disease .
Kenya 's going to have the largest wind-shaped fire in Africa with 353 motivation that will be installed in Lakkana .
I don 't protest the wind , but we need to cooperate with the government , because the wind engine makes birds this . They cut it .
They 're crushed birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrific trailer that 's awful to serve the magic marketplace and spell .
So what did we do ? We 're doing research on these birds . We 're putting the signals into them .
We 're trying to define their basic biology , and in a place where they come .
We can see them moving to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on the size of the region , it won 't help you .
We need to work with government in the middle level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about how important these kinds of kings that need for the need for respectful creatures and benefits that they bring .
How do you help ? You can become a dynamic person , create voices . You can write their government and tell them that we need to focus on these kinds of things that are wrong . Sessimaning a little bit of message .
When you walk out of this room , you 're going to be able to get information about kets , but let 's talk to your family , your neighbors , your neighbors .
They 're very excited . Charles Darwin said he changed his opinion because he saw that they didn 't need a little bit of the sky .
Kenya , this world 's going to be a lot more poor , if there 's no great animals .
Thank you very much .
When I was 11 years old , I remember a morning I woke up when I heard the celebration of my house .
My dad was listening to the BBC on his little radio , he was listening .
He brought a big smile , and this was very unusual for the news to make him sad .
He said , " The Taliban went ! "
I didn 't know , but I could see that my father was very excited .
" Now you can actually go to school and say . "
One morning I can 't forget .
A school is really .
You know , the Taliban come to invade Afghanistan since I was six years old and prevent girls .
In the next five years , I 've been eating as a son to go along with my sister to a secret school because my sister 's beenbidden .
That 's the only way we can go to school .
Every day , we 're going to go different paths so that no one 's doubt about our point .
We hiding books in the market , so people would think we just shopping .
That school in a house , more than 100 of our children are packed in a small living room .
It 's pretty warm in winter , but summer it 's extremely hot .
We all know that our own own revolution , students and parents .
There 's a few times , the suddenly blocked a week because the Taliban suspects .
We always ask them what we know about .
Are we tracked ?
Do they know where we are ?
We were very afraid , but even though , we wanted to go to school .
I 'm very lucky to be taught in a very important family and girls are important .
My grandfather was a remarkable man in that time .
One guy was completely rupeed out from a distance in Afghanistan , he pressed to his daughter , my mother was in school , and so he was born of his dad .
But my mother had my education to become teachers .
She was here .
She retireed two years ago to use our houses to open school for girls and women in neighbors .
And this is my father who was the first person in his family was education .
No doubt he 's going to get education , including his daughter , despite the Taliban , and despite the danger .
For him , the female is not learned to be more dangerous .
In the Taliban , I remember that there were some of the time I was very angry about our lives and always afraid and not to see the future .
I wanted to get out of school , but my dad , he would say , " Listen , this daughter , you could lose everything you had on this life .
Your money can be lost . I can be forced to leave the house in the war .
But one thing that 's going to survive with the one in here , and if we 're forced to sell the blood for obesity , we 're going to do that .
So are you going to continue ?
Today I am 22 .
I was growing up in a country that was destroyed by the war .
Less than six percent of my young women were learned after high school , and if my family didn 't commit to my learning , I became one of them .
But what I 'm proud of here is a graduate student where the Midlendlebury .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , my grandfather was broken by my family because he dare his daughter to school , was one of the first people who celebrate me .
He didn 't show stories about mine , but I was the first woman , and I was the first woman who could carry him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believed me .
I dreamed big , but my family would expect me to be bigger .
So I 'm a global ambassador for 1010 , this is global movement to education women .
So I 'm helping to set SOLA , the first school of the girls in Afghanistan , a country that 's still dangerous for girls to school .
I 'm very excited to see my students with expectations to get this opportunity .
And I see their parents and their dad like my dad , supporting them , despite the rest of them and even if they 're struggling .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I can 't reveal his face , but Ahmed is my dad .
Less than a month later , he and his daughter was on SOLA from their village , and they were really shredered by a bomb on a few minutes .
When he 's about home , the phone call , a threatening talk if he continued to give girls to school , they 'll try again .
He said , " If you want to kill me , but I 'm not going to destroy the future of my daughter 's future , because the other ideas of the people . "
Now I 've now seen about Afghanistan , and this is something that 's often overlooked in the West , is behind most of us who are a value of their daughter 's value and people see their success .
This isn 't just not important in our success .
In fact , they 're the first person and they 're the persuading persuading the future of their girls , but in the society like Afghanistan , we need to go to the support of men .
In the Taliban , girls come to the entire hundreds of people who remember , is illegal .
But today , over three million girls are in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks very different from America .
I find that Americans see the weakness , and it 's really broken in changes .
I 'm afraid that all these changes are not going to last further after the American military .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , when I saw students in my school and my parents supporting them , encourage them , I found a promise of promise and change would exist for a long time .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , the ability to limit , and every day of SOLA reminds me of that .
As I , they had big dreams .
Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and a phone gives you freedom .
For a mobile phone , you can record the images of human rights action in Syria .
For a mobile phone , you can post a message on Tweeter and start to participate in the government in Egypt .
And also with a phone , you can record a song , upload it to Sounding and become famous .
All of that is completely possible with your mobile phone .
I 'm a child of 1984 , and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , at the city .
You can see here that thousands of people stand up and protest for change .
It was in 1989 , and imagine people who were standing up and protesting that change had a mobile phone in the bag .
Who in the audience have mobile phones ?
Please raise it up .
Let 's raise your phone up , raise your phone highway .
Let 's raise it up . It 's a Android phone , blackry , wow .
A lot . Today , most of us have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself and my phone , and about how it has changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There are about 358 of information .
The pure information .
But why are these information here ?
The reason is that the summer of 2006 , the European Commission , the European Commission proposed an official market .
It 's called the archive of data .
It 's just showing that every media company in Europe , every one of the Internet service of the entire European Union , has to store a huge amount of information about people .
Who is the call of who ? Who sent someone email ?
Who sent to the mobile message ?
And if you use mobile phones , this is where the problem is .
All of this information is archives at least for six months , until two years , you 're using or the Internet service providers .
And around Europe , the people were standing up and said , " We don 't want it . "
They said , we don 't want this personal archive .
We want to get the freedom of digital age , and we don 't want that the telecommunies and the Internet service service service all of our information .
They were lawyers , journalists and all of them , all say , " We don 't want that . "
And you can see here , like 10,000 people participating on the city of Berlin , and they won 't be afraid .
And some of you say , it 's like Stas 2.0 .
Stasi is the police forces in Germany .
I used to wonder , actually , does it work ?
Can they record our whole information ?
Every time we use our mobile phones ?
So I asked my revolution to use , Deuttze Telom , the largest data service of Germany at that time , and I asked them , thank you , send me all my whole information they 've stored .
I 've asked them to send me a little bit of time , and I 've continued to ask , but what I 've learned is not a clear answer . Blah .
But then I said , I want to get these information , because they 're arching my life .
And I decided to send the building , because I wanted to get these information .
But Deuts Telezomk said , no , we won 't give you these information .
And at the end , I had a deal with them .
I 'm going to destroy myself , and they 're going to give me the information I love .
Because at that moment , the state 's U.S. government decided that the market was not only the market of the European Union system .
So I 've got this ugly enabling with a CD in the inside .
And on the CD , what I needed was recorded on that .
358 blocks of information .
First I looked at it , and I said , okay , it 's big data .
But then I realized , this is my whole life .
This is my life in six months , being recorded all over this data .
And then I wonder , what should I do with this ?
Because I can see where I 've been there , where I sleep every night , what I did .
But then I said , I want to open these information .
I want it to be known by public .
Because I want to show people how the data is really .
So for Zeit Online and Open Data Data , I did the same thing .
These are images of life in six months have been recorded .
You can zoom in or collectively collectively , and you can also reverse back to the front .
You can see my step .
You can even know how I was Frankfurt with fire to Collogne , and the frequency I call the communication between those two points .
It 's all possible with these information .
I had a little bit of fear .
But that information isn 't just talking about me .
It 's information about all of us .
First of all , it 's like this , I call my wife and she also call me , we talk to each other three times .
And then some of you call me , they call each other .
Once you call you , and you call you , and you 're going to be able to get this big network .
But you can see how we communicate together , they call each other , when they go to sleep .
You can see all that .
You can see the most important parts , like leaders in a group .
If you have access to this information , you can see the activity of the community , society .
If you have access to this information , you can control the whole society .
This is a design map for countries like China or Iran .
This is a drawing of how to look at the whole society because you know how people talk to people , who send emails , all that can be able to access to these information .
And these information are archives at least six months in Europe , until two years .
As I said when I started , imagine if all of these people on the city of Berlin , there were 1989 , there was a mobile phone in my pocket .
Well , maybe Stasi will know who was involved in this protest , and if Stasi knew who was the leader behind it , it would never happen .
The collapse of the Berlin can 't exist .
And if that , it 's probably the collapse of the iron bed in the cold War won 't exist .
Because now , the function and companies want to record the information they have about better , online and online .
They wanted to be able to be able to track our lives , and so they wanted to record these information at all .
Civilism and life in the digital age is not conflicting .
What you should do is struggle for yourself today .
And you have to fight for it every day .
Then , when you go back home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and that 's not error .
When you go back home , let 's talk to their representatives that because the companies and the function of the specific information , although they don 't do it .
And if you don 't believe me , let 's ask the network to provide information that they 've stored .
So , in the future , every time you use your phone , let it reminds you that you 've got to struggle for individuals in this era .
Thank you .
Photography is my passion since I grew up with a camera , but today I want to share with you 15 pictures I value , and I don 't take a few of them .
There 's no magician , there 's no samples , no longer even care about light .
In fact , most of them are taken by travelers .
The story started when I went to New York City to participate in a speech and my wife took a picture of my first birthday . We stood in 57 and five .
We happened to go back to New York later , so we decided to take a picture anymore .
You can see where the story is coming .
When I was going to go to my third birthday , my daughter , my wife said , " Why don 't you take Sabweight to New York City and my daughter , and then go on " old knowledge ? "
And so we started to travel through a photograph .
You know , your camera impact on a completely popular person around the world is remarkable .
No one 's rejected , and fortunately there 's no one who runs our camera .
And then , we don 't know how that journey will change our lives .
It became sacred to us .
This was taken a few weeks after 9 / 11 , and I tried to explain what was happening today in ways a five-year-old child can understand .
These pictures are not just represent a moment , or a special journey .
They 're the way to stop the time for a month of October , thinking about our time and how we change every year , not just about physical , but about everything .
Because even though we took a picture , but our view changed , my daughter got a new point , and I was looked at her eyes , how it looked at everything .
About the time that we focus on this one is something we value and expectations for five years .
Recently , in a journey , we 're walking around , my daughter suddenly stopped between the road , and it 's just about to the red dancers of the concrete store that it 's really interested in the front of our journey
She described to me the feeling of five-year-old , as you stand at the right place .
It said that it was reminded of my heart when it saw that the shop when it first was nine years ago .
And now what it saw in New York is universities , because it decided to go to learn in New York .
And I realized : one of the most important things that we create is memory .
So I want to share the idea of the action of creating memory .
I don 't know how you are , but out of 15 pictures , I don 't make a lot of my family pictures .
I 'm always a photograph .
So today I want to act all of people to have in the photograph , and don 't get to someone 's place , and say , " You 've taken us ? "
Thank you .
I 've never forgot my grandmother -- she 's gone through her life , " Hey , stand up against Gadafi . Let 's fight against him .
But don 't make a kind of Gadafi revolution . "
It 's almost two years since the Library of Library to Library , which is more powerful by athletes on Tunisia and Egypt .
I 've been involved in forces and Libya to call the day of the anger and to start a startling process of Gadafi .
And that 's a great revolution .
Southern young men stand up to the government , raise high-to-to-face symbols of freedom , dignity , social justice .
They 've seen a mirror of compassion in the beginning of the Gadafi dictators .
They 've shown that a cochmark that 's made an ambition of the westing of the West and pulled it down to men .
Finally , after six months of polio with death to 50,000 of us , we managed to liberate our country and turn it down the god .
However , Gadafi had left a burden of the burden of the government , corruption , corruption and ties .
In the last four decades , Gadafi expert destroyed the infrastructure as culture and the moral basis of Library .
Learning is destroyed and challenges , I 've also been like how many other women , including the civil society of Libya , calls the entire and metabolism to the democracy .
It 's almost 200 organizations built in Behazi during that time and then after Gadafi collapse -- almost 300 in Tippi .
After 33 years of forgive me , I went back Libya , with the most toxic passion , I started to organize the training classes , developers of leadership skills .
Together a great lady , I 've created Campaign for Library Library to a woman 's movement , leaders from all different parts of society , to operate for social rights for women and to operate our rights for the rights of citizens
I 've been in a very difficult situation where the elections , a very , very different environment , a environment that was formed by the political political and eliminating .
I 'm leading a creative architectural Lancers because Republicans to operate the lobby of the election , the law that can bring all the citizens , whether they come up with their citizens , whether they 're elected and the most important
Finally , our innovation has been accepted and successful .
Women won 17 and a half percent of the National Congress in the first election of 52 years back .
However , a little bit of a bit , the excitement from the election and the general revolution is gone -- when every day we wake up with the news .
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient church and the grace of Sufi .
On the other day we wake up with the news of the American mission and attacks in the prison .
On the other day we wake up with the killings of soldiers .
And every day , every day we wake up with the rule of the national forces and their communication of human rights as well as uniforms in their law .
Our society , it 's made by revolutionary thinking , becoming more different and further away from the reasons , the rules of freedom , the social equality , the social equality we pursuing at the beginning .
It doesn 't imagine , except and newspaper became a symbol of the beginning .
I 'm not here , I think there 's no inspiration for you with the success story of creating a key list and election .
And I 'm here to find that we -- the whole country had been wrong , decided wrong .
We didn 't prioritize citizens .
Because elections don 't bring peace , stability or security for Libya .
Does the list of the key and the connection between men and women have brought peace and reconciating the country ?
No , no , no .
So what did it help ?
Why are we going to continue to be an extreme society and treaty by the political political political politics and eliminating , because both men ?
Maybe lack of survival is not about women 's rights , but also women 's values , compassion , tolerance , tolerance .
Our society needs a national conversation and the community 's more self-organizing is to need the election that we just increase in order .
Our society needs the quality of the world is more than the number and the number of women .
We need to stop running like the disasters , stop supporting the disparation days .
We need to start running like compassion and tolerance .
We need to develop a women 's discussion isn 't just a honor , but it 's really about tolerance because of the enemies , how they 're competitive , how much it is .
These are the ideas that a country had been destroyed as Library as Library to being able to get peace .
Because peace is like the metal art , it needs to come to the connection between men and women .
That 's what pulls really .
And we need to set up the rest of life before we do politics -- society .
In a poem in the Koran " Salam " -- peace -- " is the word of God full tolerance ,heem . "
And then , from , "heem " is known for the tradition of Abraham 's traditionally with Arabic is " -- " which is " -- he 's present to women -- she 's packed with a place where men and men
And because the total embryo is going to grow in it , the sacred battle of the whole life .
So we 're taught that " Our tolerance of tens of thousands of things . "
So we 're taught to say , " Our tolerance won the anger . "
Tay for every one of our grace of tolerance .

Five years ago , I had a little bit like Alice at Alice in the first Xis .
Penn State University asked me , a teacher who taught a communication for engineering students .
I was very afraid .
It 's really afraid . It 's a big student , big books and novels .
But when the communications came out , I had an experience that Alice had gone through her cave and discovered a new world .
It 's just what I 'm feeling when I 'm communicating with students , I was amazed before their ideas , and I wanted other people to be able to get this first place .
I believe that the key to the world is the ability to communicate .
We don 't need to communicate with scientists and engineers to change the world .
The scientists and engineers are at the top of the biggest challenge , from energy to the environment and health , and so much , if we don 't know and don 't understand that , then I believe it 's going to be done , and
But the intervention can 't happen if scientists and engineers don 't invite us to go to their own .
Artists and engineers , eight stories with us .
I 'd like to share some of the decisions to do so to make sure that we see the science of you really seduction and engineering , hot engineering .
The first question is : What ?
Why science is related to us .
Don 't just say that you study the bone , but let 's say you study the tissue , it 's like the ones that make our bone , so we need to know how to understand thin and treat .
When you describe science , let 's be careful when you use language .
Walk to prevent us understanding your ideas .
Surely , " We can say , " Tememotal and " Why don 't use the word and heart . "
Wind your idea is not low .
Instead , as you 're in English said , it 's more simple , but don 't simple .
Clearly , you can talk about science that doesn 't distort ideas .
So minding for example , telling stories , the idea is that the ways to draw and make us interesting things you talk .
And when you show , don 't use the lines .
Have you ever wondered why we call them " the beginning ? "
When 's the bricks ? Growing away is delete , kills ! It 's always going to kill your speech .
A slide like this , not boring , but also depend on a lot of ways of the brain 's language , makes us black .
Instead , this example of the Geneviard Browne really understands what it looks . It shows the specific structure of the bones that it 's really interested in the unique design of the pyramid .
And the trick here is using simple sentences and reading the audience can based on that , if they don 't keep up , and then use images that make sense to help us understand more deeply .
I think this is just some of the decisions that help us open the door and see the first place of science and technology .
My engineers worked with me had to know all sorts of things . So I wanted to summarize with a process .
Take " science " Put " and " and " the term " and " and " yell " and " is going to share the right solutions with the audience , and then with the passion he 's doing , " which he 's going
And so , scientists and engineers , when you solve this process , by all , say eight stories with me .
Thank you .
Hello . I 'm Camerusseus , and in short period of time , I 'm a samples .
In fact , in 10 years .
And I felt there was a comfortable pressure in this room because I shouldn 't wear this .
Fortunately , I took a different map .
This is the first time that there are people on TED stage , so I think you 're very lucky to see this scene .
If a few women feel very afraid when I came out , you 're not saying I 'm listening right now , but then I 'm going to know through Twitter .
I realized I was very lucky to change what you think about in 10 seconds .
Nobody has an opportunity to do this .
These high heels are not comfortable , I don 't define them .
The worst part is this long-term shirt , because what you 're laughing , so don 't do it in my head .
Okay .
Why do I do that ?
It 's really weird .
In fact , hopefully it doesn 't seem to be a place like this .
It 's a big power , but it 's also a fake .
I 've just changed everything you think about me for six seconds .
And in this photograph , I didn 't have boys in real life .
I felt very comfortable at that moment , and photography told me how to make my back and put his hair on his hair .
And of course , except the surgeons , or the olive sunshore that I have two days ago to take pictures , there are very few things that we can do to change our own surface , and even though it 's made it
So today , for me , no fear of being true .
And I 'm standing on this stage because I 'm a samples .
I 'm standing on this stage because I 'm beautiful , a white woman , and in the samples , we call it a charming girl .
And I 'm going to answer the questions that people still ask me , but with true success .
The first question is , how do I become a samples ?
And I always said , " Oh , I 've been discovered , but it doesn 't mean anything .
In fact , I 'm going to be a model because I win a lottery , and I 'm the people who get the assets , and maybe you 're wondering what the assets are .
In the last decade , we 've redefined beauty is not only healthy and middle-class and balance that we 've been established about biology to desire but heights and female lines and white .
This is the legacy that 's built for me and it 's the legacy that I 've made money for it .
I know there 's some of you who are skeptical now , and maybe there 's some beautiful samples like , " Wait . Naza . Joan Small . Li Wenuen .
I want to compress your knowledge . It 's impressive .
But unfortunately , I don 't have to tell you about 2007 , a Ph.D. study in New York City , which is all the samples on the floor , and in 67 people are hire 27 , less than four percent , not white
The next question that people always ask me is , " Can you become a model when I grew ? "
And my first answer is , " You don 't know , you 're not responsible for employment . "
But the next answer I really wanted to talk to girls is , " Why ? "
You know ? You can become anyone .
You can become the President of America , or who invented a next Internet , or a doctor of cardiovascular surgeon , will be great , because you 'll be the first person to do that . "
If , after a interesting list , they 're still saying , " No , Cameron , Cameron , I want to be a pattern , I 'm going to say , " Do your boss . "
Because you don 't have any power , you can be the editors of Vogue in the U.S. or President of H & amp ; Mach , or Steven Meis .
In fact , you want to be a pattern when you grew up as you wanted to hit the ticket when you grew up .
It 's out of her control , and it 's great , but it 's not a career path .
I 'm going to prove to you -- with 10 years of experience I 'm accumulated when it 's not like a cardiologist , so just a short time .
If photography is standing here here , it 's like a beautiful interaction interface , and when the customer says , " Cameron we want to picture this step , " So this is this beautiful , and so long , and this arm is a
It 's like this .
Hope is it 's less than a picture in the middle .
I don 't know what happens at that time .
And unfortunately after you 're done , you write a couple of things and do something , you can 't say something else , because if you want to be a President of the U.S. , but you 're going to record : "
The next question that people always ask me , " Is all the pictures are wrong ? "
Yes , it 's almost all the pictures that are edited , but it 's just a small element of what 's happening .
This is one of the first pictures that I 've ever taken , and the first time I took a shower , and then I didn 't even have a periodic cycle .
I know that we 're in a personal story , but I 'm a little girl .
This is my outside , my grandmother 's next few months .
This is me in the same day when I took a picture .
My friend went along with me .
This is me in a few days before taking Vogue France .
This is me with the football team in V.
And this is me now .
I hope you see -- these pictures are not my images .
These are images created , and it 's been built by a group of experts , the hairs of hairs , photographer , photographer , and all of their assistants and all their assistants , putting money , and they create this . It '
The next question I was asked , " What are you free ? "
I 've got a lot of high-peeles that I 've never been carrying , and I 've never been in the past 20-year-old shoes I 've got in real life , and that 's what we don
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to the store , and I forgot the money , and they gave me free of a shirt .
When I was a lack of girls , I sat a friend of a lady who was a very afraid of , and she crossed the red lights , and all I was stopped , and all I did was to say , " Sorry , and we
I 've got that free , because it 's not because of mine , not because I 'm somebody who 's ready to spend a lot of money for their appearance , not who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , in 140,000 teenagers are arrested , there 's 86 percent of people who are black and white , mostly teenagers .
In New York , there are only 177,000 black people and Leek , so for them , the question isn 't " " Do I get caught ? "
It 's " how much I 'm going to get ? "
When I was preparing for this talk , I found that 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in America don 't like their bodies , and this number goes up to 78 percent when they were 17 .
The final question that people ask me is , " How do you feel when you 're samples ? "
I think what they want to hear is , " If you 're a little bit thin , and your hair is more happy , you 're going to be happy . "
And when we were behind the chicken , we came up with the same answer .
" It 's great to travel , and work with creative people , inspiration and passionately . "
And that 's true , but it 's just half , because what we never said before the lens , what I never said before glasses , is : " I 'm safe . "
I was safe because I had to think about my images every day .
And you 've got to ask yourself , " If your thighs your hair , you 'll be happier ? "
You just have to meet a group of samples , because they have the best legs , the most beautiful hair and wear the most beautiful objects , and they can be the most safe women on this planet .
When I wrote this speech , I felt very difficult to find the balance of balance , because I felt very comfortable here to say , " I got all these things because I was lucky , " and I was lucky , " and I felt really hard to
But it 's mostly that it 's hard to remove the sex and the problem of race while I 'm one of the biggest benefits .
But I 'm also happy and honor it , I think it 's lucky that I 've been in the last 20 or 30 years , and I 've worked with a lot of companies in my career , because then I can 't tell
If there 's something that goes back in this talk , I hope it 's all that we 're all feeling more comfortable with the power of the form of the form and our failure .
Thank you .
There are many ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
We don 't touch every person around , so there 's a lot of intelligence that 's never known , whether we share public spaces .
So for the last few years , I 'm trying to share more with my neighbors in public space , using simple tools like papercutting and pollen .
And these projects come from my questions , like , how many neighbors have to pay for their own apartments ?
How do we borrow and borrow more things without typing the door of the bad time ?
How do we share more than our memory of the buildings abandoned , and understand better about our context ?
And how do we share a lot more our hope for the rest of our money , so our communities can reflect the demand and our dreams today ?
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I love New Orleans .
My mind has always been duged by giant oakery , the ball of the people who are in love , who are passionate , and I believe in cities that are always making music .
I felt like every time someone was on fire , New Orleans had a journey .
There are cities that have the most beautiful architecture in the world , but it also has a huge number of value in America .
I live close to this house , and I think I can make it better for my neighborhood , and I think about something that can change my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost a friend of mine .
His name is Jan , and she 's a mother for me , and her death is unexpected .
And I thought about a lot of death , and this made me feel so deeply grateful for the time I had , and he brought the meaning to my life right now .
But I 'm fighting to maintain this perspective in my daily life .
I felt like it was easy to capture the day , and I forgot what really meant to do with you .
So with the support of the old friends and new friends , I moved one side of this wild building into a huge padboard and caring it with a trivial story : Before I want to die , " I want to go ... "
I don 't know what to look like from this experiment , but on the next day , the wall has been completely closed , and it 's continued to grow .
And I want to share some things about what people write on that wall .
" Before I die , I want to eat . "
" Before I die , I 'd like to be in the International Day of China . "
" Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . "
" Before I die , I want to grow a tree . "
" Before I die , I want to live outside . "
" Before I die , I 'd like to hug her again . "
" Before I die , I want someone 's soldiers . "
" Before I die , I wanted to be totally myself . "
So this space that 's been abandoned in this concrete space , and the hopeful hope and the dreams of people make me laughed , the water flow , and we comfort ourselves throughout our difficult time .
That 's about knowing that you 're not alone .
It 's about understanding people around us in new ways and light .
It 's about creating space for reflecting and testing , and remember what really means to us when we grow and change .
I made this project last year , and I started to get hundreds of letters from people who wanted to do a wall in their community , so the people in the center and I did a tool , and now the walls were done in the world , including
Together , we 've shown our public spaces that are powerful if we are able to get the opportunity to have a voice and share more with a different person .
Two important things we have is time and relationship with other people .
In the era of our distribution , it 's more important than ever to find the only way to maintain the perspective and remember that life is short and soft .
The death is something we often don 't want to talk about or even think about , but I 've been aware of that death is one of the most powerful things you can do .
Think about your life .
Our spaces can be better than reflecting what happens to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share , fear and the stories , the people around us cannot just help us do better places , they can lead better life .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I 'm doing apples , and this is a different problem for anyone to do apples , that we 're like managers .
Nobody knew what we did .
So today I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Well , dance is one of the things that people often do .
We love the dancers about three L.M. LOL , you 'll see later .
It 's a three-year-old , a specialization process and high-tech , and maybe the right level of this subject is related to the genome .
It 's sad , neuroscience as Parkinson 's disease to destroy this special ability , as something that 's happening to me2 , who 's got a three-born artist .
For the last few years there had a big progress in treatment .
However , 6.3 million people on the global disease , and they have to live in a disparation , shaking , treaty and other symptoms come together with this disease . What we need is tools to discover before the disease .
We need to measure progressively , and at the end , the only way we know when we really have a treatment , is when we have an accurate approach to answer .
But it 's really disappointed to Parkinson 's disease and other athletic disorders , they don 't have students , so there 's no simple way you can do , and the best one we have is this neural test .
You need to go to the hospital to do that . It 's very expensive , which means that this experience is outside of clinical trials , it never been done .
But if the patient could do this in the house ?
It 's really going to really take a journey to the clinic , and if the patient can do it , then ?
Not for the gold of employees .
Just about 300 dollars , let 's look at this experience in neuroscience .
So what I 'd like to propose you is a traditional way that we can achieve this , because you see , at least , we 're all the teachers like Stephen Stripling me .
Here we have a video of the horses that are vibrating .
This men are healthy and somebody who 's talking about , and we can see ourselves as three dancers , because we have to combine all the sounds of music , and all of us really have genes for that responsibility .
It 's like three of them to be trained .
I mean , think of how long a child speaks .
From the sound , we can actually track the wire position when the vibrational clips , when the details are affected by Parkinson 's .
So in the bottom line , you can see an example of the vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrant .
We see the same symptoms .
We see the shaking voice , the debilitating and hardware .
The speech becomes more depression and more winds after a while , and that 's one of the examples of it .
These sound effect can actually be really hard to find , in some cases , but with any microRNA techniques , and use software analytical tools to combine with new machines , which is very advanced , very innovative , very accurate , very people talk about
So how do these trials based on this voice compared to the same clinical trial ? The two don 't invade each other .
Try 's experience isn 't invading . They 're all using the present infrastructure .
You don 't need to design a whole new hospital system to do this experiment .
And both are accurate . But add one , experiment based on the voice doesn 't matter .
That means it can do it .
It 's fast , it 's just about 30 seconds to maximum .
It 's low , and we all know what 's going to happen .
When something becomes cheap , it 's going to be popular .
So this is a great number of goals that I think we can do now .
We can reduce the tough challenge for patients .
No need to go to the clinic to check .
We can do the observation with high frequency to get the data target .
We can do a series of masses for low cost to do clinical trial clinical trial , which is based on the population right now in this first time .
We 've got the opportunity to start looking for the original students when it 's too late .
So , to make the first steps to this , we 're giving up the process of Parkinson 's voice .
With Academy and Patenti Like Like , we 're targeting the sound of a very large number of things on global global to collect enough data and start making four goals .
We have local people that can get access to three percent of a billion people on the planet .
Anyone who 's healthy or has Parkinson 's disease that can call cheap value , and let it record , some of the times , and I 'm really excited to tell you that we 've got six percent of the goal in eight
Thank you .
Tomiel : So Max , by taking all the patterns of 10,000 people , you can tell who healthy and who ?
What are you going to conclude from these models ?
Max Little : Yeah . Well , what happens is , when you call you disease or not .
You see , some of you can 't do that . Maybe they don 't call it .
But we 're going to take a big number of data that collects from all different cases , and the result is important in different cases is important because we 're looking at the problem , and we 're looking at the real effects of the
So now at exactly 86 percent ?
More than that .
In fact , my student Thanasis , I had to compress him , because he did a great job , he saw that this could be done through mobile phones anymore , which allowed this project was done , and that 's what was done
Fifty nine . Well , a progress .
So , that means that people are going to be able to -- people can call their mobile phone and make this test , and those who have Parkinson 's disease to call their voice , and then the doctor can check their development , see their health
Except .
Thank you very much . Haxan Little Little Little .
Thank you very much , Tom .
I live in the South .
This is in the South : the wine store , fast food , wild land .
So the city planes together and they 're going to define the South to bring different meaning . So they 're going to change the South Langeseles , like that 's going to solve the real problems that 's happening in
This is South Los Angeles .
Wind wine , fast food , wild land .
It 's like 26 and a half million other Americans , I live in a food desert , the South Los Angeles , the house of the shop on the road and the accident .
The interesting thing is that the fast food on the road is killing more people than the accident .
In South Los Angeles , people are dying because of disease can fix .
For example , obese are obese in my area , five times as much as Beverly as Beverly , where it 's about 16 kilometers .
I 'm boring to see this happening .
And I wonder , how do you feel when you don 't have food benefits for health , when you go out of your door , you have to see bad impacts that the food systems are happening now for yourself ?
I saw the wheelchair that was sold like this old car .
I see the blood centers grow up a lot like Starbucks .
And I realized that it had to end .
I realized that the problem was solutions .
It 's a problem and food is a solution .
For me , I 'm also feeling tired of driving 45 minutes to buy a result without a depth .
What I did was plant a food forest in front of my house .
It 's on a land where we call a walk .
It 's over three feet , 50 meters .
The problem is , that land is about cities .
But you have to keep it .
So I thought , " Great . I can do what I want , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . "
And this is how I keep that piece .
I 'm with my group , the blue pieces of L.A. , we 've collected meetings together and started to plant the food forest : eat plants , you know , nine plants .
We 're a group that we 've been able to share their owns , including people who make garden from many different lives , from everywhere in the city , and they 're completely volunteered , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it 's beautiful .
And then there 's a complain .
The city came to me , and the concept was giving me a cultural , asking me to break the garden . That 's the next thing .
And I like , " Come on , really ? "
A most building because of the trees are not interested in ? "
And I said , " Okay . Let 's get here . "
Because this time doesn 't come .
And then the L.A. The Times received believed , Steve Lopz wrote a paper about it , and he talked to the community , and one of the members of the blue pieces send a pet on Change.org.org.org
We had a winner in the hand .
The Commission of that community was even calling and saying that they were giving up and interested in what we 're doing .
I mean , why not ?
L.A. led the United States to the wildlife of the city .
They owned 42 kilometers away .
Similarly with 20 times the center .
It 's enough to grow 725 million tomato trees .
How can 't they agree ?
A tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
When there 's a dollar , there 's a dollar that 's equivalent to 75 dollars .
It 's my faith , when I tell people , let 's grow food for me .
Being food for yourself is like print .
I 've got heritage in the Middle East .
I grew up there . I raised my son there .
And I refused to make part of what 's actually created this , which is created by other people , and I 'm creating myself in .
I 'm a artist .
Working is my art . I grew my work .
It 's like a artist , the car for walls , I , I , I 'm here to the lawn of the lawn , walking .
I used a garden , landing as a fabric , and trees and green trees are what I 'm going to do with the fabric .
You 're going to surprise with what the land can do if you make it a fabric .
You can 't imagine how great flowers are and how they affect people .
So what happened ?
I 've seen my garden has become a education tool , a tool for the transformation of my land .
To change the community , you have to change the part of the land .
We are land .
You 're surprised to see how kids are affected .
Walking is the most therapist and the most challenge you can do , especially in the city .
For one , you 've got the strawberry .
I remember one time , there was a mother and a daughter , and it was about 10 : 30 and they were in my garden , and then I went out and very embarrassed .
I think , I felt very bad because they were there , and I told them , two people don 't need to do that .
This garden is on the road .
I felt embarrassed to see that there was a close person that I 'd been hungry , and it 's just trying to reinforce the reason for me to do this . People ask me , " Are you afraid that people are going to steal
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid they 're going to steal .
So they 're just on the road .
The whole idea is .
I wanted them to get them , but at the same time , I wanted them to get their health . "
There was another time when I went to garden in a homeless area in Los Angeles .
There are men who , they help me get a map from the truck .
It 's very happy , and they 're sharing stories about the garden that affect them and they 've been able to grow vegetables with her mother before , and it 's great to see them , even in a minute .
So the blue land has continued to grow about 20 pieces of garden .
We 've got about 50 people to go to school , and all of us are praying .
If they 're going to grow the stealing , they 're going to eat the stepping .
If they grow tomato , they eat tomato .
But if you don 't show them , if they don 't see the effects of food to the brain and the body , they blindly eat anything in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they 're stuck with something -- I see the colorful kids and they 're just going to go in the road , without lead .
For gardening , I see an opportunity that we can lead our communities , and there 's a sustainable life .
And when we do that , who knows ?
Maybe we 're going to produce George Washington Carver next .
But if we don 't change the part of our land , we never do that .
This is one of my plans . This is what I want to do .
I wanted to plant a garden where people could share food .
I 'd like to get rid of the box and transform them into a coffee cafe .
Don 't understand me .
I 'm not talking about free , because free is not sustainable .
The interesting thing about sustainability is that you have to keep it .
I 'm talking about communicating jobs for people , and pull them out of the streets , and giving them a joy of joy , pride and honor to grow their food , open for farmers .
What I want to do here , we 're going to make it really remind .
I want all of us to become blue disorder , the gardeners , the gardeners .
We 're going to change the concept of gloves .
If you 're not a gardener , you don 't have to do a glimpse .
How do you add your eyes , right ?
And let 's turn it into your weapons .
It 's basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet , don 't call me if you want to sit on squeezards and participate in the meetings you talk about doing that where you talk about
If you want to meet me , let 's go to the same garden with your shirt and we 'll grow some things .
Hello . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in Nairobi .
On the back of me is my father 's cow , and the back of the cow , the Nairobi park .
The Nairobi did not have a barrier in the area of the South , which means wildlife animals get out of the park .
And so animals eat meat like lions later , and this is what lions do .
They killed our cattle .
This is one of the cows had been killed at the night , and when you wake up in the morning I found it dead , and I felt sad , because it was the only he had .
My community , Maasai , believe that we come from paradise with all of our animals and all the land to keep them , that 's why we 're very important .
So I grew up with lions .
Masai Masai protect our community and our cattle , are very concerned about this .
So they killed lions .
This is one of the six lions that was killed in Nairobi .
And I think this is why lions are in the National University of Nairobi .
Every son from six to nine , in my community , she 's responsible for my father 's cattle , and I also have to do the same thing .
So I had to figure out how to solve this .
The first idea that I have is used fire , because I think the fear of fire .
But then I realized that fire didn 't really work , because it even helped the lions see the cow .
But I didn 't go . I went on to think .
And my second idea is to use the compensation .
I 've been trying to fool those lions [ on ] thinking ] , I 'm standing near the cow .
But lions are smart .
They come to the first day and see the compensation , and then they come back , but second day they come and say that this isn 't moving , it 's always there .
And then he jumped in and killed cattle .
So on a night , I held a rope around the crawl , and on that day , those lions don 't come .
I discovered that lions are motion .
So I had an idea .
And since I was a child , I was working in my room for a day , and I was even opening the new radio of my mother , she was almost killed , but I learned a lot about electricity .
So I took a battery of old carcy cars a measurement . It 's a small device that 's found in a car , and it 's helping the car drive to drive the car when they want to be left or turn .
And I 've got a switch to turn off and open lights .
And that 's a small lightbulb from a battery .
And I put everything .
As you can see , the solar cell to use battery-quate battery , battery-quy-quate battery supply for measurements . I call it a camera .
And the clock would measure the lightbulbs .
As you can see , the lights go out , because that 's the lions come in .
And that 's how light reflects on lions when they go to night .
The lightbulbs and cheating the lions make them think that we 're walking around the cow , but actually I 'm sleep on my bed .
Thank you .
I put it in my house two years ago , since we didn 't have any problem with lions .
The neighbors heard about this idea .
One of them is this lady .
She had a lot of cattle who had been killed , and she asked me if I could help her to put the balls .
I said , " Yes . "
So I installed light bulbs . You can see in the back , they are lions .
Now , I 've been working for seven families in my community , and they 're all working .
My idea is that my idea is used around Kenya to lose other animals like hyena , and it 's used to threaten the farmers ' farm .
So by this invention , I 've been lucky to get the schedules in one of the best schools in Kenya , National Brooklyn , and I 'm really excited about this .
My new school is starting to help and raise awareness and enhance consciousness .
I even took my friends back to my community , and we put the lights for the families who don 't get access to it and I teach them how to put them .
One year ago , I 'm just a little boy in the shepherd for my father , I 've seen flying machines , and I said to myself that one day , I 'm going to be sitting on the inside it .
And I 'm here today .
I had the opportunity to come here with the first time to participate in TED .
My biggest dream is becoming an airplane and pilot when it grew up .
I used to hate lions , but now because my invention was saving the men of my dad and lions , we could live with lions without any conflict .
Asholish . In my language , it means thank you .
I don 't know what was interesting to know when I heard my story .
So I had this scholarship . Yes .
I 'm doing other inventions .
What 's next in my list ?
Development of my grandchildren , you want to make a power barrier . How ?
You know , I knew that the power was invented , but I wanted to make my own .
You 've tried , right , and I ... I 've been here before , but I 've stopped with electricity .
Richard Turison , I was different .
We 're going to take our grandchildren on the road , you 're small .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do , and what I do about -- my life -- that he 's created in seven years of work in Africa when kids .
From 1971 to 1977 -- I 'm not that young -- -- I 've worked at Zambia , Kenya , Algeria , Algeria , 1975 , in the technical projects with African countries .
I worked for the NGO of Italy and every one project we created in Africa .
I was very piculated .
I was 21 years old , I thought , who was a good person and we were working in Africa .
But instead , we killed everything we hit .
The first project , what was inspired for my first book , " The light wave of Zamzbi , " is a project in which people decided to teach Zambia .
So we 're in the South Zambia with seeds from the water -- in a great valley that 's a long-term valley down the Zambi , and we 're taught people to grow tomato sauce and crap
Of course the people who aren 't interested in doing this work , so we pay them , and sometimes they work .
We 're really amazed about geologists , in the fat Valley of fatty Valley like this .
But instead of asking them not to grow anything , we simply say , " Thank you God here . "
" It 's time to save Zambia from hunger . "
And of course , everything in Africa is well developed .
We have great tomatoes . Ataly , a big tomato sauce . In Zambia , it 's big to this size .
It 's hard to believe , and we 're saying to Zambia , " You see that there 's a lot of time . "
When tomatoes started to get , nine , and there were red , just for a night , about 200 galaxies under the river and clean it .
We said to Zambia , " Oh my God , the hippies ! "
And people said , " Well , that 's why we don 't grow something here . "
" So why don 't people tell us before ? " " You never ask . "
I think there 's only one person who 's fooled in Africa , but then when I look at what Americans are doing , who are doing , French people who are doing , and after seeing what they do , I feel a little bit proud
Because , you see , at least we eat galaxies .
You should look at the crap -- you should look at something that we 've given to the African people who don 't have doubt .
You want to read a book , read " The Academy , " written by Damis Mubo , an economist Zambia .
The book was released in 2009 .
We , the Western aid countries brought to Africa two billion people in the last 50 billion years .
I 'm not going to talk to you about the damage that the money did .
Let 's read her books .
Rathering it from a African woman , the damage that we 've created .
The Westerners like us are the people who are empire the empire , actually , and we only have two ways to deal with other people : or support .
Two words have words from the word " Bater , " meaning " father . "
They bring two different meaning .
For instance , I deal with any other people coming from other culture as they are , " I love them too . "
For instance , I treat all of people from other culture like my full of me .
That 's why white people in Africa are called "wana , " he 's .
I 'm like being stressed in the face of reading books , " Druce , " write by Schumacher , says , all of it , in economics , if others don 't need help , let them wear them .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respectful .
This morning , this meeting set up a staff on the floor , and said , " Are we able to -- the idea of a city without democracy ? "
When I was 27 years old , I decided to only affect people and I created a system called Enterke Filit , where you 're not going to start any of you , but become a full of people I think , who 's
So what you do -- you 're quiet .
Don 't get a community with ideas , you sit with local people .
We don 't work from offices .
We met with a coffee cafe . We 've got a wine .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we 're doing is we 're becoming a friend of , and find out what that person wants to do .
The most important thing is desire .
You can give someone an idea .
If someone doesn 't want to do it , what do you do ?
The woman 's desire for the development of itself is the most important thing .
The men 's desire for personal development is the most important thing .
And we helped them find the understanding , because nobody in the world can be successful .
There 's no idea that there 's no idea , but the understanding that always matters .
So a lot of years ago , I had this idea : Why don 't we , just one time , instead , to a community , and tell people what they should do , why don 't we listen to them , even though one time ?
Let me tell you a secret .
There is a proposition of community meetings .
Companies never come to the project , and they don 't give you , in the community meetings , what they want to do with their money , the opportunity they find out .
So there 's a blind point .
The most people in the community don 't know because they don 't come to the public meetings .
What we 're doing is we 're working on a box and to do that , you have to create a society that doesn 't exist .
You have to create a new industry .
A new industry like a family doctor for business , my family 's family for eat , who sat with you in your kitchen , at the cafeteria , and help you find resources to make your desire to make life .
I started as an experiment at Eleance , Western Australia .
I 'm in philosophy at that moment , trying to get away from the consent method of consolation that 's coming and tell you what to do .
So what I did in the first year at Eleance was just the encyclopedia on the road , and for three days , I had the first customer who worked on the car , named Mao , and I helped him
And I help these individuals who know how to work together and sell these perfect tuna , not for the box at Albane , but we 've found them to sell them to Japan with 15 dollars a sign , and then they said , "
In one year , I had 27 next projects and the government of the government to find me , " How do you do that ?
How do you do -- " And I said , " I did a very difficult job .
I silence , and I listen to them . "
So -- So the government says to me , " Let 's do it . "
We did that in 300 communities around the world .
We 've created 40,000 jobs .
There 's a new business generation of people who are taking out of her .
Peter Ducker , one of the greatest management of the history of history , died when 96 , a few years ago .
Peter Ducker is a philosophical professor before working on business , and this is what Peter Ducker says : " Heart really like a society and a business economy . "
Heart is a psychopath .
So now you 're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing that the most wise people in Christchurch wanted to do what they wanted to do with their money .
You have to learn how to make these people come to talk to you .
You 've got to give them security , private , you 've got to be really excited to help them , and they 'll come , in the crowds of them pulls .
For a 10,000 people , we can have about 200 customers .
You can imagine a 400,000 community , smart intelligence and desire ?
What do you clips in the morning ?
The local people , the people who desire . That 's the people you 're clapping .
So what I 'm talking about is that business is where it is .
We 're at the final stage of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel sources of fuel , the production that cannot recyclable , and the conflicts , we have sustainable systems .
The engine is not sustainable .
The Fred Fredon to store things is not sustainable .
What we have to look at is how we do to nurture , treaty , education and communication and communication for seven billion people in sustainability .
There 's no technology .
But what 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? The universities ?
The government ? Quite !
That 's the list , and they 're doing it right now .
There 's a great story that I read on a magazine about a lot of years ago .
There 's a group of experts invited to discuss the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in 1860 , the group of meetings together , and guess what happens to the New York City in the next 100 years , and the conclusion is that New York is not going to exist in 100 years .
So why ? Because they look at the curve on the map and say , if they 're going to develop this rate , to move a number of cities of New York they 're going to need six million horses , and the waste from
They 're going to be flooded in the horse .
So in 1860 , they 're looking at this technology that makes life in New York City .
So what happened ? In the last 40 years , to 1900 , in the U.S. , there are 1,200100 companies that produce cars -- 1,1001 .
The idea of looking for a different technology has gone beyond all and there are very small machines in the stagnation .
Dearborn , Migan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to give them security .
No , they 're not going to go to you .
Then you have to bring them a great service , separate and passionately .
And then you have to tell them about business .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to have three wonderful jobs : what you want to sell is to sell , you 've got to have a fair business , and you 've got to have a perfect financial management .
Think about it ?
We 've never met a individual in the world , who can just make it , sell it and make money at the same time .
It doesn 't exist .
This animal has never been born .
We 've done a study , and we 've looked at 100 companies in Carnegie County , Westing , Edison , Edison , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
It 's just one thing that all the successful companies in the world are , just one thing : Not one company starts with one person .
We now teach the business of 16-year-old age in Northbumberland , we started in the first classroom to give them two Bran , and the work for 16-year-old , in the first two-year-old
There 's no word " I , " and " we have 32 times .
He didn 't start .
KH who started a company . No one .
So we can create a community where there are people who support the foundation of business modeling in the cafeteria , wine , wine , and you can make you make you something that someone who makes people talk about how people talk about the people who
What can you do ?
Okay , you can sell it ? Can you manage money ?
" Oh , no , I can 't do this . " You want me to find somebody else for you ? "
We activate communities .
We have groups of volunteers to help Entere Facililit Filina , they help find resources and human resources and we explore that the intelligence of the local people 's intelligence , like something like you can challenge culture and the economic
Thank you .
Until March , 2011 , I made a picture of New York City .
We are blue creatures .
It 's in the dark room that 's not windowless , and we 're general avoiding sunlight .
We regulate the thinner , the more beautiful skin , transformative things can 't be able to be able to be able to get criticized on the newspaper , but we also have the talent artists with years of experience and understand the reality of
In November 2011 , it 's watching the world in the house , I see the tragedy that happens in Japan .
And then , the volunteering organization I went to Alanda Volunes , for a few days to make the effort .
I , with hundreds of volunteers understand that cannot just sit at home , so I decided to join them for three weeks .
On March 13 , I 've found the streets of Homo sailato .
It 's a small village of Iwate , with about 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunis .
It 's basically captured over 24 meters , and over three miles deep in land .
Maybe imagine , town was destroyed .
We dragged the channel , the tunneling .
And cleaning out of school , toilets , ready for innovation and recovery .
We 're cleaning the tons of destiny and stressed from the local factory .
We 're hiding , but everybody 's happy .
For weeks , volunteers and local people find something .
They 're looking for pictures and images and camera and SD cards .
It 's all done .
They 've collected and they 've been talking about them to manage places around the market .
It 's not about that moment that I 've realized that these pictures are true to be a very big loss of individuals in these people .
When they run the wave , they 've left all , everything is left behind .
On the end of the week there , I went to help a mobile center in town .
I 'm able to clean the stream of the public hot water , the giant bath .
It 's also where the mobile center has collected pictures .
This is where people were talking about them , and then I took the honor , because they believed that I allowed them to clean the pictures .
It 's really excited . I 've heard about it , but only if I 've really experienced that new miracles happen .
When I look through pictures , there are some more than a hundred years old , some still in the envelope in the enabling room . I think , is a editioner , I can repair that and I know , hundreds of other
So I went to Facebook and asked some of the people , and I received a lot of positive feedback , I knew I had to start my hand .
We started to fix these pictures .
This is the first place .
It 's not broken down , but it 's drilling to transform the girl 's face , it 's got to fix the exact same level and high .
If you don 't , girls are not going to look like them , and they 're sure that it 's awful .
In the course of time , a lot of images are made , and we need more editors , so again , I 've been on Facebook and LinkedInIn , in the last year , I find 80 people who want to
For two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate .
In Japan , to July , we 've launched the neighbors of Rikuzentata , far from the northern town to Yamba .
Every week , we put our scans in the temporary library of the temporary library , so that people get back to their pictures .
The big women , sometimes haven 't seen the scanning machine , but after 10 minutes , find a picture of our loss , gave us a scanning machine , to upload a cloud , to download it by a strange person , somewhere in the world
It 's time to restore the state is a completely different story , and obviously depended on the damage of the picture .
You can lose one hour . You can take a week .
You can take months .
The metals of this picture are almost made by hand , or put them in color , from color and details haven 't been broken .
It takes time .
Now , all of these images have been broken , drowned in saltwater , were covered in the saltwater , covered in the water , sometimes in oil , for a long time , so they 're going to continue to break it up .
We can 't fix if it 's not cleaned , drying and improve .
We 've got lucky to wip the hand .
There was a great local woman who led us .
It 's very easy for these images .
My group of Wynnene once said : It 's like tattoo for someone .
You don 't have the wrong opportunity .
The women brought us these pictures , when they could be recovery .
She wiped them out and stopped when she realized she was working more harm .
You 've got the copy of the picture .
If you don 't , places like her husband and her face , never could be able to be able to put them together in a different photograph , and do it all the time .
When she received images from us , she shared a little bit of his story .
These pictures are produced by her husband find out at a fireman , between the long-term slips from where there 's been destroyed , and they 've learned him .
The day happens in the tsunis , you 're responsible for the tie .
He 's got to go back to the water when the snegical pressures .
Two little boys , no longer , two boys are in school , two different schools .
One was stuck in the water .
It took a week , she found them and knew that they were all alive .
The day I pay her is also the youngest son of her 14-year-old son .
For her , after all , these pictures are perfect gifted for him , something that could be able to recall the past before this isn 't infected from that month , when the entire month , when the entire life was struggling or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers were participating in All Hands , hundreds of people had been cleaning over 135,000 photos , most of them — — — — the majority of the photos had come back to their own
More than five percent of global volunteers have been able to pay for 90 families , hundreds of pictures were completely restored and edit .
In this time , we didn 't spend a thousand dollars for equipment and material , most of the cost of the printer .
We took a row .
Every photograph reminds someone or something , a place , a relationship , a relationship .
They 're the clips of our experience and our story , the final thing we 're clicking , and the first thing we 're going to go back to search .
It 's the meaning of this project , restore the small pieces of humanity , bringing the connection to someone else .
When a photograph was paid back , it would make a big transformation in the life of the human life .
The project also makes a big difference in the life of the editors .
For some of them , they 've been connected to something big , for something , for something else , using their talent to something else , rather than the thinner and the skin .
I wanted to read a email to end this talk . Heail from Cindy , a person who gave me a picture , sent me back from Japan after six months .
" When I work , I can 't think of each individual and stories contain in pictures .
There 's a picture , a lot of women in the house , from old and young people around a little bit of a little bit of a baby , I 've had a picture of my own , my mother , my mother , my mother ,
On the other place , whether at the time , our basic demand is , right ? "
Thank you .
I was at the depth of almost 50 feet in Ghana in Ghana .
It 's not very hot air , and it 's very difficult .
I can feel the collision from the dipoples in the dark , but can 't see anything .
I heard the voice , but I 'm almost like the blend of the hills and the rock was broken with raw tools .
As people , I wear a cheap battery that is cheap enough , it 's linked to the old condom , I 'm not able to look at the fracture of the wall of the holes of 0.28 feet deep down to the
When I slip my hand , I remember a couple of days ago , I had been able to fall back into the tunnel .
When I talk to you today , these guys are still deep in that hole , the lives that don 't have food , and often die .
I was climbed out of that hole , and they were about home , but they would never get home , because they had been slaves .
In the last 28 years , I collected about local culture in over 70 countries , and in 2009 I had the only honor to be the only exhibit in Vancouver Sancouver .
Some of the amazing talent I 've seen here , I 've met a advocate for the Santa Crimage , a member of the NOTO who 's mindful of modern slaves .
We started talking about slaves , and actually , I started to figure out about slaves because I knew it was in the world , but not there .
After the talk , I 'm really awful and really embarrassing about understanding this crimes in my life , and I think , if I don 't know , how many people don 't know ?
It 's starting to make careers , so a few weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Santa Crimage programs and the suggestion of them .
And then it started the journey in the modern world .
The strange thing that I 've come to the majority of these places .
Some places I think about my house .
But this time , I 'd like to see the fact that it 's shining .
A strong estimation that we knew more than 27 million people were turned into the world today .
That 's the number of people who get out of Africa during the age of the Atlantic .
150 years ago , there were three times more than three times more than a year of a American workers .
Similarly with 50,000 dollars today .
But today , many families have been slaves through many generations of 18-dollar debt .
It was astonishing , slavement created more than 13 billion dollars per year in the world .
A lot of people have been fooled by sculpture , better education , better jobs , just to see that I 've been working under the Service , and not out of it .
Santa Today 's service service for commercial , goods that slaves value , but people create them being considered waste .
It 's almost almost everywhere in the world , whether it 's illegal at all .
In India and Nepal , I was brought to a bricks .
This strange situation looks like walking into the ancient world or Dante .
Learning in temperature than 54 degrees C , men , women , children , all the families , are shining in the blindness , doing the machine , put it on the top , to 18 every time , and bring them from oven
It 's dilated by the destiny , they 're silent , and they 're doing it again , again , again , and 17 hours a day .
There 's no food , now to eat , because it 's losing the water , so it 's going to go to the destiny .
It 's gone and shining around where my camera is hot , and it 's not touching the knot .
For 20 minutes , I 've got to go back to the war to clean the equipment and let them work under the heat of their recovery , and when I 'm sitting there , my camera is better .
Go back to the oven , I just wanted to cry , but the person who was a slaveser next to me and said , " Lisa , don 't do that . Don 't do that here . "
He explains that emotion is very dangerous at this place , not for me , but for them .
I couldn 't directly help them .
I don 't give them money , nothing .
I 'm not that citizens .
I can put them into worse situation in their present .
I 've got to be based on the Santa Crimage to operate in the system to liberate them , and I believe they can .
For me , I 've got to wait to really feel pain .
In the Himalayas , I see kids getting rock through many miles of mountains down the road in the bottom .
These big rocks are more heavy than the children , the children pick up them up on the top of the wood , the rope and the rope .
Picture stories are so heavy .
How can we make this big monotonize , and then what happens ?
Some people don 't even know whether they 're slaves , they 're not 16 , 17 hours a day , because they 're just aware of it .
They don 't have to compare .
When this village requires freedom , their home slaves .
These people don 't have , they die , they want to start , but the women in the middle of the town and call people on the ground , and the people who have been able to get their own land , so they 're still doing
We often think about sexual slaves when we hear from slaves , and because of this general perception , I 'm very difficult to work in this specific industry .
In Kathmandu , I was sent by women who used to be sex .
They brought me down the staircase down the dirty baseline , in the dimming light .
It 's actually not the land .
It 's more like a restaurant .
The ovarian restaurants , as they know about in the industry , are the places of sexism .
Every place you have a small room , where slaves , women , women , boys and girls , seven-year-old , were forced to solve the customers , they bought wine and eat .
There 's no dirty bedroom and dark and dark , being realized by the number of paint on the wall of the woods and the blind .
It 's often about abuse of sexual abuse in customers .
Stand on that almost night , I remember that fearing up , and that moment , and then I just understood how to be in hell is .
There 's just one way : the staircase that I go in .
There 's no climate store .
There 's no big windows that come out .
These people don 't get out , when we talk about the tough subject , we need to remember that slaves , including slaves of sex , happening where we live .
Thousands of tens of thousands of people are slaves in agriculture , in the restaurant , I 'm miserable , and the list is long .
Recently , New York Times report that from 100,000 to 300,000 American children are sold to sexually education every year .
It 's around us . We just don 't see it .
The textile was often thought about when I heard about slaves .
I went to many villages in India , where many families were slaves in silk .
This is a family portrait .
Sometimes dye is the dad , blue hands and red are his son .
They bleeding ded in big boxes , and silk into that service to their hands , whether it 's very toxic .
My service told their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom .
But there 's still hope that someone can get out of this house and go somewhere else where we 're paid to dye . "
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children doing slaves in Volta , the biggest record of the world .
When I was there , I went through a turn .
I see the same as a family fishing on the boat , two boys , a few smaller , what kind of ?
No . They 're slaves .
Kids were sent out of family , selling and lost , and I was arrested in these boats , although they didn 't know .
This child is eight .
He shaking when our boat come close to , and she 's afraid of a little girl 's courage .
He was so afraid to fall down the water .
The branches of Volta 's criteria are often stuck in fishing grid , and the kids who are tagged through the water so they 've been able to get the back .
Many kids die .
What he remembers , is she 's been working on the clock .
The fear of democracy , you 're not running , and because it 's broken , it 's going to happen to be smaller than they manage .
I met these boys at five o 'clock in the morning , when they 're pulling the last grid , but they worked from a morning .
In the dark night cold dark night .
We need to think that these networks are almost 500 kilos when they 're full of fish .
I want to introduce Kohi to you .
Kids are saved from a village .
I met him in the assistance that the Santa Crimage demolation recovery .
Where they 're in well , they 're in the water , and the great news is , when you and I 'm sitting here today , Kosi , and better , or more , or more , your family has been released and to
Kids are the present of the ability .
You 're going to be someone who 's standing up and change your life ?
The car on the road in Ghana , also the colleagues of Santa Crimage , one of you 're based on slaves , you 're on the slaves of slaves that 's going to be able to accelerate our cars
He told us that we were walking on the mesh of wood .
In the end of the road , he urged us to leave our cars , and he told the cars right .
And then it 's just this blurge , and he says , " This is the way , this is the way . Go . "
In that way , we map the wires , and then about one hour in the forest , the traces that have been drowned in the water after rains , so I 'm using the tools on our head when we go down to
After two hours , the traces around the end of the empty land , and in front of our eyes are a huge area of rocks , they contain full of slaves .
Many women are leading to her back in the back of the gold , and over the water of the water of the river .
The bank was used in the extracting process .
These mines are being slaves in the tunnel in a different area of Ghana .
When they 're out of the tunnel , they 're dry by their own sweat .
I still remember looking at the red eyes , their tired , because many of them were under the ground to 72 hours .
The tunnel is deep to the hundred meters , they 're making heavy bags to move them to other areas , where rocks are crushed .
Look , the rock markets seem to be full of healthy people , but when they look close , there are more lucky to work in extreme conditions , there are children .
They 're all victims of damage , disease and violence .
In fact , many of these muscles are going to be like this person , being deployed and infected with a few years .
This is Manuru . When he lost his dad , he was paid to work at the same time .
When the uncle is lost , Manuru in his debt , and was forced to slaves in this mine .
When I met , he worked 14 years in the mine in the mine , and the wound in the legs that you see here is from a victim in the mine who says he had to see .
On the end , Manuru was in the work , but it was still working day at the tunnel .
Anyway , he still dreamed freedom to go to school with the help of local activists like Santa Cassa , and decided to do this , up on the face of strangers , which enabled me to make it .
I want to get slaves to light .
When I worked in this area , I brought a lot of candles , with the help of the campaigner 's help , I 'm communicating with those people I 'd like to scan the story and their shoes , and then I was
They know their shapes will be seen by the people out there , like you .
I want them to know that we 're going to show them , and we 're going to do anything that can help them change life .
I really believe , if we view other people , it 's very difficult to drill crime as slaves .
The pictures are not about themselves . They 're about human , honest , as you and me , all deserve , honor and respect to each other .
There 's no day that I don 't think about these amazing people who are broken . I have a big honor to meet them .
I hope these pictures will wake up a powerful source of people who see , who like you , and hopefully that power will hit fire , that fire will shine into slaves , because there 's no light , the monster can continue to live in
Thank you very much .
