When I thought , I don 't know that I 's the world 's the best , and I 'm not the world , " We 've got to have to have to be the world . "
I was proud of my country .
In the case , we spent many of the school , but we spent many of the world , and many of our lives of the world 's not a lot of the U.S.
Even though I don 't know how I 'm going to ask you , but I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
When I was seven times seven times in my life , I thought , but I think it 's the first time , I think it 's my life in my life .
My family didn 't exist , and I 't have to be hungry .
But in a day , my mother came from one day from one day of the same time .
In this week : When you 've got two weeks to read this family , because there 's nothing else 's no longer than two weeks .
All right on the top of the floor , and we feel very close to death .
I was shocked .
So that 's the first time I know that I have to know that .
No , after a long time , I 've forgotten , I can never forget that I 't forget that I can see .
In fact , it 's twice a two young woman who 's still looking at her mother 's face of her mother 's face .
But they don 't worry , because they 're all worried , and they 're all worried .
In the 1990s , in the middle of the United States , in the middle of the middle of poverty .
It 's a million people die in the tank , and it 's not only a lot more people die , and killed .
It 's happening from the dark ceiling , because I all the lights from the lights from the light , and I 'm going to the lights from the lights from the dark ceiling .
I 'm also asking them why we don 't ask them why .
This is a picture from the North Pole around the North Pole in North Pole .
This is the border between China and China and China .
Maybe it 's a lot of people can see the North Korea , because there 's some of China .
But many people died .
And I saw them on the river .
I couldn 't tell you about how far as a month , because I 've been talking about why they 've been able to live in the United States , and I 've been able to live in the world .
I thought , I 'm going to think that I 'm going to be a short time .
I 'm not going to imagine that I 'm going to be 14 years .
In China , in China , I 'm very hard to live from the family .
I didn 't believe that there 's something that I 'm not going to happen from North America , but I 'm going to realize that 'm going to be dangerous , because it 'm going to be dangerous , because it 's
I always wondered that I 'm going to live in North Carolina , and I 'm going to live in North Korea .
One day , in fact , in fact , I 've taken a police officer , and I 've been arrested to the police .
There are many people who had asked me that I asked me , because they asked me , and they asked me , and they asked me that I asked me to ask them .
I 've been frightened , and I 'm going to feel frightened .
So if they see what if I 'm going to see if I 'm going to see what they 're not going to be in prison , and they 're going to be tortured .
I think this is my life , but I 'm still trying to ask them to ask them , and my life .
Then one of the two hours , one of the police said , this is just one of the police .
It 's not North America . "
And they allowed me . It 's a color .
One of the people in the United States , the United States have been arrested by the United States , but there was a lot of China in the United States , and there was a lot of the country .
This girl was lucky .
Even though , though , though , it 's also known from the country , but it 's also known .
But fortunately don 't be fortunately like this .
Over the years , in China , the United States has been tortured and tortured , tortured , tortured , tortured .
In fact , when I was lucky , I was very lucky because I was very lucky .
The gay people have to have to be a result of the North Pole and the result of North Pole .
Even when it 's learned when they 've learned , they 've learned about a moment of a moment , and they 're just a moment .
That 's why I decided to take a 10-year-old , and I decided to go to a 10-year-old version of life .
It 's difficult to imagine that I 'm going to imagine .
So in Britain , I 've got three English language in English language , English language .
I realized a huge gap between North Pole and South Africa .
We 're all the people , but we 've been divided in the last year of the last year .
I 've been thinking about a crisis .
I 'm the North Vietnamese South Africa ?
Where do I come from ?
Of course , I don 't call a country , but I can call a country .
But even though I don 't like to live with Koreans in Korea , but I don 't like to plan .
It 's going to start to learn the modern university and learn .
However , when I 've been familiar with a terrible news , I believe here .
It 's a number of families that I 'm going to send money home , and I 'm going to send money home to send a family .
To make sure they can help me out of the house , and help me out of the house .
The people who 've been going to go through the North Pole of the North Pole .
The North Pole from North Pole , because I couldn 't go from North America , the North Pole , and I can 't see the North Pole .
Because I don 't know the Middle East Asia , so I 'm going to go through the Middle East Asia .
The journey has been on a week , and we started a couple of weeks .
One time , we 've got stuck by a police officer , and we 're stuck .
He took all of the trial , and everybody started asking everybody .
Because I 'm not going to understand that I 'm not going to understand that they 're going to understand that .
When I went to China , they 're standing in China , and I 've got to see that I 'm standing in the Middle East .
He looked at me , but he 's really lucky enough .
And we went on the border , we 've got to go to the border of the border of the border to the border that I had to the border of the border of the border of the border .
However , after the border , we were allowed to crossed in the border , because we were allowed to crossed .
Then after my family , when I was in a month , and my family , I was arrested for a month .
That 's the best time I hope .
I 've done enough to do the same way , but I 've been working with my family , and I 've been working with a very close to the same way we 've been doing it .
I 'm going to go home , but I 'm going to look at the middle of money between the police , and the police , and I 'm going to find out of the police , but I don 't have enough to find money
I hope .
Yes , " Yeah , what do you ask me ? "
I 'm surprised when I 'm interested in a strange way , I 'm going to ask myself .
By a little bit of the prison , and I 've heard a little bit of my family , and I 've heard a little bit of my family , and I 've heard a little bit of my family , and I 've heard of
I asked him , " Why do you ask me , " Why ? "
He said , " I don 't help him . "
" I 'm helping the North Pole . "
I realized that it 's a big meaning in my life .
The hope that I hope is that I hope from the North Korea , and I hope that we 've found from the North Korea , and I hope that we 've found out of the North Korea , and I hope that we 've found out
Finally , after a journey , but I 've been working with a half of the end of the last half of a half of a half of the family .
It 's very close to many people who 's coming from the country , and they 're starting to divide a lot of money from the country , and they 're going to start with other countries .
So we can be able to help from education , education , education , education , education , education .
We can also share the world in the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the North America , because we have a lot of money in the middle of money between the North America , and the North Korea , we 're going to
I 've been fortunately fortunately , because I want to develop a lot of my life , and I want to be able to develop my life to develop my life to develop my life .
I 'm going to see that you 's going to look at the world in North Pole , where people live in the world .
Thank you .
Today I 'm asking today .
Don 't tell me that I don 't say that .
Now I want to introduce you to my son .
The 13 , 22 years old , son was beautiful .
I don 't say , but the best way I 'm happy to do the best way that you can 't do .
What 's love is love .
I 'd like to share it even though anything else .
You don 't join the skin color .
You don 't care about religion and religion , and I don 't understand that religion .
When my childhood poems , I 'm trying to remember how I 'm going to remember , I don 't know how we don 't know how we can 't know how we can 't know how we 't know how to
I was 16 years old . I was beautiful .
You remember a perfect memory .
But it 's also selective .
I don 't remember the first song of the morning , but I remember my hands on the morning , and I remembered my hands on my hands on the morning , and I 've got four years old .
Is this wonderful story ?
But most people don 't agree .
And the fact that I 'm not often understand the social psychologists , but they 're often understand the normal .
But what I 'm going to do , though I mean , though , though , though , though I 'm often , though I 'm not just often , though , though , though , though , though , it 'm going to be honest
With you don 't use words with autism , the ability to communicate with autism of autism , when the autism , it 's the ability to learn from the autism of autism .
Samanwhile , another reason why it 's another reason why it 's why it 's another reason .
And in the world , despite 20 minutes , whether it 's been diagnosed with autism , whether it 's been diagnosed with autism , whether it 's been diagnosed with a diagnosis or a diagnosis , whether it 's been diagnosed with autism .
And I couldn 't remember the first day , but I couldn 't remember it with autism .
I was three years old , and I had three years old friends in my life .
And after a few months , I realized that I realized .
You 've got a lot .
I don 't like to playground , and I don 't like anything else , or anything else .
And in the world , the best part of the world , and the best part of your own hands in the world , and it 's going to see what you see in your own hands in your own hands in your own hands .
When the bigger , it 's a difference , and it 's clear .
But it 's a little bit of the poet , and it 's not a little bit more likely to be a little bit of the ability to be a little bit of life , and a little bit of life , but it 's not a
Africa .
Well , I couldn 't realize that I 've got a few moments that I had a few moments , like my family .
But I 'm going to go back to the same thing I 'm going to take my mind , and I 'm going to take the same thing that I 'm going to take the same thing that I 'm going to go back and
The difference that we tend to have a difference that we don 't have a difference in the same thing that we have .
It means that there 's a different kind of right now .
And if I can just give you a friend , and I 'm not just give you a normal thing .
You can normally .
Because there 's no difference between the gift , whether we 've got a gift between the gift , or a gift , and a gift , we 're going to be a gift in a gift .
It 's a great change , as we 're trying to change as a great change as a great change .
Don 't say -- don 't say , don 't normally don 't normally .
Thank you .
Maybe I 'm a beautiful way to you .
It 's built from plastic , but it 's been built from a lot of plastic , and it 's not a lot of sandstone , but it 's been built in the same time .
And then you can get rid of water on the street .
And if you 're a bicycle , you 're not going through the bicycle or cars .
Also , it 's also a lot of plastic .
It 's like the road , if we want to do the road , we want to do the road , we want to make a road .
The problem is that the solution from the road from the road .
So what we 're doing is we 're going to build the rainwater , so we 're going to build the rainwater , and we 're going to build the rainwater in the rainwater , because there 's a rainwater
And it 's going through the hole .
Because it 's going to disappear , because it 's going to disappear .
Of course , of course , of course , and there 's a lot of things that can happen .
What do you see here ? It 's the street .
First of all , you 've got a lot of rock , and then we 're going to do something more and more , and more and more and more , and more and more , and more .
So they can do it . But you can do it with your window .
And then the same thing later , the same thing will be more .
Sometimes they make chicken .
He 's ready .
But of course , of course , we can become a solution .
It 's like this material that you see how the material is .
It 's like a plastic , I 've got a little plastic bag , and I 've got a little bit of plastic .
In this time , this piece of time , this piece of plastic , if you 're going to be able to turn out of plastic , it , it 's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Then if you 're going to break it -- you 's going to break the road -- we 'll see here .
To make these problems , we 've created materials .
If we 've created this material , we can figure out .
What we can do is we 're doing with steel steel steel steel plastic , and we 're doing this little plastic , and we 're a little plastic .
So we have steel steel steel steel steel steel steel .
Then you need a machine , like a machine -- you see here -- you 're a computer .
It could be able to make steel from the thermore .
What you do is you do is you 're going to get the plastic , and you 're going to get the plastic , and you 're going to get a little plastic , and you 're going to go back into the plastic .
Today I 'm going to use a stage because I can 't use the stage from the stage .
There 's also a similar system .
I 'm going to look at it , and I 'm going to look at it .
This is a sample .
I said , we 've invented a smart machine that we 've invented in the lab .
Why we 've tried to look at the lab , and we 've looked at the lab , and they 've looked at them , and they 've got to look at them . "
And then we gave them a new way , and we have to build a new way to build a new way , we have to build a new way .
So that 's what we 've done . So this is what we 're going to do in the way we 've done from the road from the road , and we 're going to do .
We took many of these animals from the lab , and we 've tried to try to try and try to do this .
So it 's what we 're going to do , and we put it back from the process , and then we put it back from a lot of them back to the process .
We can do so much again .
And in fact , if we 've done this four times , we 've been working on four years old , we 've been working on the road from the road -- we 've been able to save the road -- we 're going to
Well , I 've been able to tell you that we 've been able to make a lot of steel-year-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old
Now you 're wondering whether it 's going to be wondering whether it 's effective .
We 're also pretty much . It 's pretty cool .
And then I 've got to show you the new method of the new method , and then I showed it .
But let me see .
Yeah . Yeah . Yes .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk about a question that I 'm not talking about today .
Why is the question of the question : Why do I ask people ask , how do I ask people ask ?
Why are women in the woman ?
I 'm not a psychologist , but I 'm not a psychiatrist or a psychiatrist .
I just want to share my story .
When I was 22 years old , I was graduated .
I went to New York Times to the New York Times , and I wrote the first job of New York City .
The first time I had the secret of my own secret , and I had the secret of my own secret .
This is the first time , I 've been trained by this man who 's first time , and I think it 's going to be the man who 's going to be a man who 's first time .
I remember all the people who remembers that I was killed , and I didn 't know that I was killed .
I 'm going to tell you about a young woman who 've got to tell you about a million women , and a million years of love in love .
This is your story .
I 'm not like a family member of violence .
I have a charity from Harvard in Britain , and I have a charity from Harvard .
I 've been working in the U.S.S.S. , and I 've been working on the U.S.
I 've been married with two people who had married and married .
My name is my dog , and my dog is my dog , and my dog .
So the first thing I want to talk to you to you all the religion , and all of the religion , all of the religion , all of the religion .
It happens everywhere .
And I want to say that the second thing I want to think that woman is that woman , is the problem of the woman .
No .
Over 85 percent of the violence , the violence , the violence and the way we want to look at the end of violence , and the end of violence , the violence , and the end of the end of the end of violence , is that 're
I 've been my own life , but I 've been living in my life , and I 've been living in my life , and I 've been living in my life .
I live in the U.S. , in the United States , in the United States , in the United States , in the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States in the United States in the United States ,
I 'm also a journalist , because I don 't know what it 's going to be the police officer , or what it does .
I met a night in the night , and I met a night .
He sat in New York City , and I sat in New York .
He told me about two things .
One is , as he 's also a good job , and I think he 've been doing that he 's doing a very good job .
But the first thing I 'm going to meet with him , and he 's the same thing that he 's the same thing he 's the same thing .
He 's like this , and he 'd like this , and he 's very big gold , and he 's very big golden .
One of the most powerful thing that I 've been working on a new generation , which I started to create a new relationship .
He did this by giving me this particular way .
We started to start , and I started to learn that I 'm going to learn , and I 'm going to learn that I 'm going to help me , and I 'm going to learn that I 'm going to be able to
He wanted to know about my childhood and my dreams , and my dreams , and I hope .
I believe a woman , and I 've never had a woman .
And he also realized that he didn 't take a secret of the secret of the secret of the age of four-year-old boy , and he realized that he had lost his life , and he had lost four years old .
That explains why he explains why he 's going to explain why he 's happening in the morning and the future of the future of the future .
If you talk to me , I 'm going to you , I 'm going to tell you that I 'm going to be able to be able to be happy , because I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to
I don 't know that it 's the first relationship between the victims and the victims of the victims and the victims .
I don 't know that she 's second .
She didn 't know , and she 's going to be in this room , and she 's going to be able to come out of the city where she 's going out of the next day , but she 's going out of the
Instead , he 'd like this , because he wanted to leave him from the middle of his family , and he 's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Now , the last thing I want to do is to leave you , but I think I 'm going to leave my life , and I 'm going to leave you , and I 've got to leave you , and I 've got to
I don 't think that I 'm going to step in the first step , and I 'm going to be wondering that I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on .
And this scenario is to see why she 's going on the violence in the violence and the violence .
From the trees , the guns .
And when you go to New Yorker -- you know , you 're going to be able to be able to be able to buy the gun -- you 're safe .
He kept a tree in my car .
And one of the three of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of my bed .
And he said that he 's needed to say that he 's too late when he 's too late .
He needs to protect us .
But it 's a real message that I 've never been born every day , but I didn 't give you a day of my hands of my hands in my hands , and every day .
My job was in 1995 years ago .
That 's seven morning when I was sleeping sleep .
I 'm trying to write on my hand , and I 'm trying to write my hands on the wall , and I 'm trying to use my hands , and I can 't use my hands , and I can 't use my hands
Five years later , after my mother , and my mother 's friends , and my mother 's friends and my mother 's friends .
I 'm sure that , because I 'm sure he 'm going to be happy , and I 'm going to be happy because I 'm going to be happy .
And he 's very sorry .
He was very honest to me , because I was very honest with my family .
That 's what he 's going to do , and I 'm going to do it .
It 's happening in the moon .
I was looking at the first time , I was looking at the door , and I was looking at the door , and I was looking at the door of the door of the door of the door of the door .
A few days later , when he 's driving a car , he 's eating the car , and he 's eating the wheels .
The two weeks later I went from two weeks after two months after two months after two years .
I think it 's the only thing that I 've been thinking that I 've been in this case .
One of the United States has been affected by three million women in the United States , or 15 million years of the United States , or 15 million years of the United States .
So I was really good in the company .
Why do I ask my question : Why ?
The answer is very easy .
I don 't know him .
Even when he walked into the car , I 'm wearing my wife , I 'm wearing my wife , when I 'm wearing a car , when I 'm wearing my wife , I 'm wearing my wife , I 'm wearing a
Instead , I 'm a woman , and the only woman who can help me to me , and help me tell me , is the only woman .
The other question is , or why don 't it ?
Why ? I couldn 't leave any time .
For me , it 's the most dangerous question , because we don 't know , and some of the most dangerous questions that we don 't know what you know is a dangerous question : one .
Because in the end of the end of the end of the end of her family .
More than 70 percent of the victims after 70 percent of the victims , when the victims , when the victims , when the victims , the victims 's gone .
But the other hand axes , as long as long as long as long as long as long as long as the people who have been tortured ; she 's been tortured ; she 's been tortured ; we 've been tortured
And why do we continue to continue ?
I was able to leave , because I was rejected by the end of the end of the end of the war .
I realized that he would kill me if he killed me if he killed me .
So I was silent .
I 'm here to tell you , because I 'm standing here today , and I 'm going to tell you , and I 'm standing here today .
We have the risks of the victims of the victims , as well as well as well as well as well-being .
And she said , " Why ? "
It 's a number of people like , " It 's why we can choose to avoid the choices in the victim . "
But when I 've heard words like , " I 've learned from my life , " I 've learned from a woman , but I 've learned from life , who 've been alive , who 've been alive , who 've
Because I 've been a fact that I 've survived to live in my family history of violence .
I 'm married with a good woman , and we have three , and we 're married .
I had dogs and I had dogs and dogs .
What I didn 't say , because I 'm going to be a gun , and I 'm going to say that I 'm going to be a gun .
Now , you can think about this time , " Oh , " Oh , but it 's great time , " Oh , you 's really cool , you 're really cool . "
I 'm sure that I 'm sure you 've heard these people who 've heard that I 've heard these people who 've heard when I 've heard these people who 've heard these people who 've heard the opposite or
And you can affect your daughter , your daughter , your daughter , your girlfriend .
I can end up with my story by silent .
I 'm hungry today .
This is another way , and I 'm asking other victims .
Let 's tell you about what you 're here .
The fear of fear is scary .
You have a simple way to end up with a powerful way to the power .
We need all of the victims .
We need to understand the secret of violence .
It 's a way to tell you today about your friends today , and the family of your friends of your friends , your friends .
The future of the future , but they love the future .
It 's going down to the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims , and it 's safe .
So we can do the bed for our family , and our family and our family 's safety .
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a group of animals .
Now there 's about 400 birds .
It 's one of the most important rare penguins in the birds .
When you see this one of the first one of the things you see , you see , it 's bad things like this , and it 's a bad thing , it 's really bad thing , and it 's really bad stuff .
I want to want to change these things . I want to change . We need to change our senses . We need to be honest .
I 'll tell you why .
First of all , why do they imagine ?
When he went through this year , he 'd seen from the North Pole , he 's first year , he said , " The Newton 's actually found out of the Ocean in the Ocean , " The New York .
You can 't be rejected from Charles Darwin , and it 's worse .
You know , he 's going to tell you why , why I know why .
They 've done with the gay agenda -- they 've been treated with the character .
But if you 're in Kenya , you 're going to see , it 's what I want to see here -- that 's what I want to see here -- that 's what I want to see here .
I want you to know why ?
It doesn 't keep the environment in the environment .
It doesn 't help prevent it to prevent the disease .
They can 't have a husband like a husband .
They 're a long time .
And what I like , is the only ones that I like to look at the same time .
There are two of this planet on the planet .
So in the United States of the United States in the United States , the United States that 's been found in the United States , and there 's about 160 species that 's about 160 species .
So , why ? They 're important . They 're important .
They 're really natural .
They 've died to clean bone .
They 're helping microbes that help preventing to help prevent the disease , and help the other things that they can cause of the disease that cause of the disease .
The most recent study shows that these three times in the area of the area of the disease , and there are four times that are four times bigger than four times bigger than three times a huge amount of time .
It 's also important about history of history .
They 've been connected with modern culture .
In fact , the NIPA is the only person who 's unique , and the only person who 's gift of their mother 's relationship with their mother , and they 're unique .
In the myth , he 's been diagnosed from the god , who 's a stroke , who 've rescued , who 's going to save a stroke .
In fact , in fact , they don 't have a very important way of nature , but they don 't have a natural system , they 't have a natural system , so they don 't have a natural system to die in order to
So why are you being infected ?
We have eight species in the body , and we 've got six or six hours in the body .
The reason they 're going to be in the world , because they 're going to be used to be attracted by the human beings , but they 're going to be attracted by the human beings , because they 're going to be
In fact , the United States , in the United States , because they 've got 15 years of the United States , and they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be diagnosed
They 've been used in India , in India .
So when you don 't have a huge impact on the area of the hospital in India , there 's a huge amount of a huge amount of fish disease where you have a huge amount of fish disease .
There 's a largest place in Kenya in Kenya in Kenya in Africa .
I don 't need to deal with the windmill , but we need to deal with the windmill . We need the windmill .
They are birds .
In fact , there 's a terrible job to sell the West to sell the West Virginia and sell the West Virginia .
So what do we do ? We 've been working on this research .
We 're trying to identify our biology , and we 're trying to identify their biology .
We can see many countries that if you 're going to be able to move in different countries , so many countries , so if you 're not going to move .
We need to be based on the area of government .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking about these things that we 're talking about these things that they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make these
How do you make a message ? You get a message . You need to understand how to understand this message . You need to understand this message .
When you go out of this room , you 're going to go out of your family , but you 're going to be able to go out of the dogs .
They 've seen a little bit like Charles Darwin . They 're looking at the sky .
In Kenya , if it 's going to be a lot more species like this , Kenya .
Thank you very much .
When I remember a morning , I remember , I remember a morning in my morning .
My father 's watching me , and he 's listening to the slightest .
He 's often a lot more unusual , because he 's often worse than it 's often worse .
He said , " Come on the Taliban ! "
But I didn 't understand that I can understand that I 't see that I 's very happy .
And he said , " Now , you can say . "
A morning I couldn 't forget .
A school .
You don 't know , when I went from the Taliban , when I went to the Taliban and went to the Taliban .
In five years later , I went to the secret , because I 'm going to go out of my brother to go out of my brother .
That 's the only way we can learn .
Every day , we 're going to be surprised to be surprised to go to each other .
We 're going to go in the book , and we 're going to buy it .
This is one of us in a room , a small house in the room .
It 's very hot summer , but it 's hot summer .
All we 're all aware of our parents , and we 're all know .
There 's a couple of times , because there 's a couple of times a couple of weeks .
We know what they 're always asking .
Are we tracked ?
Did we know where ?
We 're still afraid , but we want to be afraid .
I 'm very lucky , very lucky , very important to be taught in school .
He 's a time that I 'm really frightening .
A man who was completely rejected from Iraq , so he was rejected from the school , so he was rejected from the school , so he had a father .
But my mother became a teacher .
She was here .
She used two years ago to open their girls to open their girls and open their girls .
And this is my father 's father 's first family .
Not the Taliban of the Taliban of the Taliban , he 'll never accept the Taliban , and he 'll never accept the boys .
In fact , he 's not greater risk of science .
In the years , I remember that the Taliban were always afraid of life , and I was scared of life , and my life .
I 'd like to learn from this , but I 'm going to go from my daughter , " I 'm going to school , I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to get this . "
You can get away from the war of the war .
But a second thing is , if we 're going to sell money in school , we 're going to get sick and we 're going to get sick .
So how do you continue to continue ?
I 'm 22 years old .
I 've been destroyed by a major country in the 1930s .
At the age six percent of my school , if I learned six percent of my family , I learned about my family , and I learned about them .
But this is a graduate student where I 'm a graduate student is a graduate student .
When I went back to Afghanistan , I was in Afghanistan , because the first of my daughter , he was a woman who was in the first child .
He didn 't tell me about the first of my first woman , and he 's first woman who 's first , and I can tell me about my head .
I believe my family .
I wish , but I wish I wish I wish for my family .
So I mean , this is the globalization of global education , and this is the global education for education .
So I 'm going to help the first school , and the girls who was the girls who was the first school in Afghanistan .
I 'm very excited to learn when I 'm going to take this school .
And I saw their parents and fathers , and they 're struggling as much as much as much , they 're struggling .
It 's not my name , but he 's called my father , and his father , and my father .
At the same time , he 's on the street , and they 're killing a couple of minutes , and they 're killing a few minutes because they 're killing .
When he went to the phone , he 'd been talking about the phone , he 's going to the phone , he 's going to the phone .
He said , " If I 'm going to kill my daughter , but I 'm going to kill the future of the future of the future of my life . "
I 've seen this today , and I 've seen this is what we see is , and most of the Western daughter of the Western daughter of our daughter of our daughter of our daughter , and they 're seeing in the West , and the
This isn 't not the mother of our mother in our mother .
In fact , they 're first , but they 're a woman who need to persuasion of the future of the future of the future , and the future of the future of the future of the future .
Even the Taliban , the Taliban who remember that 's the Taliban who remember that there .
But today , today , today 's now today .
It 's very different from Afghanistan .
I see that the Americans see in the United States , the United States .
I 'm going to change the United States , and I 'm not going to change the United States .
But when I went back to Afghanistan , I 'm going to see my parents , and I 'm going to see a long time , they 're going to see the future , and they 're going to see them .
I hope with a world , a woman , and I hope of the ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to me .
Like , I wish they had big dreams .
Thank you .
This is my mobile phone .
There 's a mobile phone , and you can change your cell phone .
With a mobile phone , you can drive the mobile phone in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can start with a mobile phone in Egypt , and a conversation .
And you can sing a song with a song , and it 's famous song , and it 's a song .
All of the phone can be completely different .
I 'm a child , and I live in the city of the city .
Let 's go back to this city .
You can see the way of thousands of people here and change the people .
It 's about five years , and it 's a mobile phone in the phone , and there 's a mobile phone change .
Are anybody in the mobile phone ?
Please raise it up .
Please raise your phone , raise your phone !
So let 's raise the phone . Listen on the phone , it .
Today , we 've got a lot of mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about today , and I 've changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about that .
There 's about 3588 .
The information are information .
But why are these information ?
The reason is the fifth of the European civilization , the European civilization , the European civilization .
It 's called the data .
Just know this company in Europe , every European company , every company , every company , every company has to use every company in Europe , every company .
Who would you call people who send people ? Who .
Who 's sending messages ?
And if you use the phone , this is where the mobile phone is where this is the phone .
All of these six months are used by the Internet , or at least six months , you 're using the Internet .
And we said , " We don 't stand up in Europe , and we want to stand up . "
They don 't want to say , we don 't want this information .
We want to have the Internet of the Internet , and we want to believe that we don 't want to provide the Internet and the Internet of the Internet .
They 're all the lawyers , and they say , " We don 't want to say , " We don 't want . "
And you can see on the street on the street , like the street , the street and the street is not afraid of the street .
And even some people say , it 's like a few people .
The police is the police officer in Germany .
I 've also asked it , right ?
Could they trust their information ?
Every mobile phone calls our mobile phone ?
So I 've asked that I asked to give you the U.S.S.S. , and I asked them to give you the biggest information , and they 've asked me the biggest challenge of the biggest security .
I asked them to ask them a question , but I 've got a question , and I didn 't just ask you .
But then I 'd like to say , because I 've got this information , because they 've got my life .
And I 'm going to send this project , because I 'd like to the information .
But I 'm going to tell you this information , we 're not going to give you this information .
And finally , I had a stranger .
I 'm going to ask them , and I 'm going to ask them .
Because it 's time in the United States , it 's not only the state of European countries in the state .
So I 've got this orange juxtaped in the right , and I 've been in this orange .
And on the table , I needed to get it on it .
3588 .
First of all , I looked at it . It 's a big data .
But then I realized , this is my life .
This is my life in six months , I 've been measured six months .
Then I had a little bit , what would I do ?
Because I can see the night , I see where I was night , where I was sleeping night .
But then I wanted to say this information , I want to say this information .
I want to know what they 're going to be .
Because I 'd like to show you how people are data is .
So I 'm also doing the same thing , and I do with the same thing .
This is what I 've shown in six months of life .
You can get smaller , or you can get smaller , or worse .
You can see my step .
You can even know what I 's called the U.S.S. , and I 'm able to know how I call both sides between both sides .
All of these information can be .
I had a little scary .
But I 'm not talking about information .
It 's all about information .
First of all , I 'm calling this three times , and I 'm just like a couple of times , and I 'm calling it .
And then I call it a couple of friends , and I call them .
And then you 're going to give you , and you a large network , and you 're going to call it .
But you can see how we call each other , when they call each other .
You can see that .
You can see the most important part of the leaders , like a group of people .
If you 've got this information , you can see the society , you can see .
If you can control this information , you can control .
This is a Chinese design for China or China .
This is a way to tell you how to send this information , because if you can send people who are emails .
And these six months of information in Europe , at least six months .
So when I started talking about this street , if I started in the street , imagine if there 's a railway station in the street .
And perhaps these guys will be standing in this conflict , if anyone who 's going to be able to be able to know who 's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
The wall of the wall is not going to survive .
And if there 's a cold difference , it 's not going to be cold in the U.S. .
Because today , the companies want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
They want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at the time .
The modern technology has no longer exists in modern technology .
That 's what you should do today 're doing today .
And you don 't stop it every day .
And then when you talk about the 21st century , the 21st century , and that 's not a 21st century .
When you talk about the people , you 're not just talking about the people who are able to keep the most important , and they can keep the most important tool .
And if you don 't trust me , I asked you to ask them about information about information .
So in the future , when you 're going to use it in the future of the future , you have to use it .
Thank you .
The only thing I 'd like to share is that I 'd like to share with my camera , but I don 't want to share with a couple of photos , and I 't want to share with you today .
There 's no art , there 's no art , there 's no art , not even though , there 's no art .
In fact , most cases , most of them were taken by the flags .
The story begins when I started in New York Times Square , and I was standing in the middle of my wife and I was standing in the next five days .
We went back to New York , and then we decided to go back to a picture .
You can see where the story .
When I 'm going to go to the three-year-old girl , and I 'm going to go to my wife , " Do you 're going to the next three-old daughter , " Do you 're not just going to
Since we started to travel through the street .
You know , it 's a strange way of the world 's worth spreading to the world .
There 's no lucky , and we 're lucky with no one .
And we don 't know how we 're going to change our life .
It became the sacred .
This picture later , I 've tried to take a couple of weeks later , and I 've learned a couple of years later .
These pictures are not just a picture , but it 's a special picture for a special picture .
We 're going to stop a way of time , and we 're going to stop thinking about the time , we can 't change every month of our time .
Because we looked at a picture of my daughter , but we looked at the same time , and we looked at the same time , and we looked at the same time .
It 's a time that we 're going to wait for a year and expect .
Last year , we 're going to go to a little trip , and we 're going to the red line of the red line , and we 're going to stop it 're going to stop it 're going to stop it 're
My child is standing for five-year-old girl , when I stand up .
It 's saying that it 's going to remember that she 's going out of the first time when it 's first time .
And now it 's because it 's the New York Times schools in New York in New York .
And one of the most important thing that I realized is that we create memory .
So I 'd like to share with the idea of movement in the memory .
I don 't know how many pictures , but I don 't know how many pictures in this picture .
I was always photograph .
So I 'd like to ask you today , " Well , don 't want to ask people to help us to ask someone else , and help us , don 't help us ? "
Thank you .
Let me forget the police , " Hey ! Let 's fights fights fight , " Hey .
But don 't be a revolutionary way to be a revolution .
The two years ago in Egypt has been documented from Egypt , and in Egypt 's from Egyptians in Egyptia .
I 've been working in the beginning to call in the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of
And that 's a great revolution .
In fact , women 's investing the state of social values , the values , the values , social values .
They 've been a very clear to the state of the state of the state of the state .
They 've seen a long time from the crowd , and they 've seen from the crowd .
Finally , after the last six months later , we went to the warrior , and we went to the country in the country .
However , of course , for example , for example , a whole range of a product , and a whole range of a whole range .
In the last four decades of the 19th century , the culture of the culture of the culture and the culture of the culture of the culture of the culture .
The challenge I 'm going to be built in the world , and I 'm going to be able to be able to rebuild the rest of the other women , and to rebuild the rest of the rest of the rest of the world , and to
Over 200 of the last 200 of the organization -- and then , in 300 of course , in the Nazaeda in the Naza .
After a year , I started to develop a high-powered skills , I started to develop the highest level of skills , and I started to develop the highest strength .
In a group of women , I 've built a great feminist to build a feminist , to build a feminist , to build a woman , to build a woman for equality , and to build a woman for the society for equality .
I 've been in the case , in the case of the 21st century , which is extremely difficult circumstances of a political environment , which is extremely difficult to be extremely difficult , politics , politics .
I 'm a feminist list of feminist , because the most important list of women , and the most important list of the authorities that they have to create the authorities , and they 've got to create the candidate , and the
Finally , our next morning and our success .
Women in 17 percent of the U.S.
However , of course , a little bit of course , when we 've been looking at the revolution , we 've gone through the revolution , and we 've gone through the revolution .
One day we 've got to believe about the knowledge of the knowledge and the most people .
Today we believe in the United States with the United States and the United States in the United States .
Today we believe about the military , we believe about the army .
And in every day , we 've got a law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the laws of the laws of the laws of the law
Our social change , because we 've become more valuable social values , and social values , and we 've become more valuable .
It doesn 't mean , and it 's a symbol of time .
I don 't have a book for you to create a book for the book and to inspire the book .
And I realized that we 've chosen to choose this country -- we 've been wrong .
We didn 't have rights rights .
Because politicians don 't vote or vote for peace .
Is the list of women and women and women and women ?
No , no , no .
So what does it help ?
Why do we continue with a political political political political political political politics and political politics and political equality ?
There 's not only women who 's a feminist , but the feminist , the feminist , the feminity of gender .
Our conversation need to build a dialogue , and we need to build a wider dialogue more positive dialogue .
Our societies need to be more women from the world , and we need to have more women .
We don 't need to stop working on the action , like the Olympic action .
We need to start to start to act like the action and tolerance .
We need to develop a conflict because we 're not just a woman , but instead of the community , because it 's going to change .
This is a great idea that has been destroyed a great idea that needed to be destroyed .
Because it 's like the needle , it 's a combination between men and women and women .
It 's really new innovation .
And we needed to do that -- we need to be able to be able to do that society .
" The Greece " The Greece of God -- in the poet " God , " God 's " God , " God . "
And then , after the Greece of the Greece of the Greece , who has been known from the Greece , who has been known from the Iranian woman -- who 's been known from the Iranian woman who 's been known from the
And because the fetus is completely eliminated because it 's completely eliminated by the birth of the birth .
So we 're taught to say , " So we 're taught . "
So we 're taught that we 're going to win the war of the war . "
We 're born every single day .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I had a little bit like a little bit like a little bit like a bit .
The teacher taught me a teacher , to teach a teacher .
I was scared .
In fact . In fact , these books are great books .
But when she opened the world , when she 's going through a new experience , when she 's going through the door , I 's going through a new experience .
That 's what I 'd like to experience when I 'm going to be able to be able to experience , and I want to be able to be able to be able to be able to experience , and experience .
I believe that the window is the window of the window .
We need to communicate with scientists and engineering techniques .
If scientists are experts who are willing to understand the best people who are not going to understand the ability to understand , and we don 't know , and we 're going to understand the ability to understand , and we 're not going to understand
But the scientists can 't tell the science if we can 't take the science and learn the science .
So let 's go to eight scientists , and we 're going to be able to be eight .
I 'd like to share some of the secret to make sure that we 're going to be able to see that science , so we 're very hot , very hot .
The first question is : The body ?
Why we care about science .
Don 't say that he said , " Don 't just understand how to understand the bone , " Don 't know how we need to understand the bone , " Don 't need to understand the bone .
When scientists describe science , science .
The idea of our ideas are understood .
" Sure , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
How do we don 't have to understand them .
Instead , it 's more simple , but it 's more simple , it 's cheaper .
The problem is that you can talk about science fiction .
So , for example , for example , to tell you how to talk about how to talk about what we talk about .
And when the beginning , don 't use the beginning .
Have you ever asked why , " How do you never call them ? "
When do you go . When do you go away and kill them , you kill them .
This slide is not too much like this slide , but the brain region that we 're going to be affected .
Instead , for example , it 's really powerful for example , it 's really powerful for example . It 's really powerful to understand it 's really powerful .
And here 's the audience that are able to read the audience , and if they 're able to read the audience , they 're able to understand the audience , and then understand what they can read the audience .
I think this is just a few secrets of the door and the door of the door of the door of the door .
So I 've got to know what I 'm going to do with the same thing I want to do with the same thing I want to know .
It 's going to learn from science fiction , " and then you 're going to connect with the results that 're going to connectivity , " and then you 're going to connect with the results that 're going to connect with the
And then , let 's say , let 's talk to eight scientists tell you what I 's talk to you , and I 'm going to you .
Thank you .
Hi , I 'm a brief time , and I 'm a brief time .
In fact , 10 years , 10 years .
And I 'm not comfortable because I 'm not comfortable in this room , because I don 't feel comfortable .
I 'm fortunate another map .
This is the first time I think that you should be able to think of TEDsters when I think this graph .
If you 're very scary , I 'm going to tell you , but I don 't know where I 'm going to tell you , I 'm going to hear it .
I 'm very fortunately that I can change what I think about 10 seconds .
Nobody has to do this .
They 're not comfortable comfortable , but we 're not going to be comfortable .
The first one is that I 'm going to do something because I 'm going to do when I 'm going to do something like this .
It 's okay .
Why do I do that ?
It 's really amazing .
In fact , it 's not that it 's like this .
But it 's powerful , but it 's very powerful .
I 've changed what you 've changed in six seconds .
And in this picture , I haven 't been in my life .
I don 't feel very comfortable at the time , and I 'm very comfortable with my hands , and I 'm going on my hands .
And of course , of course , of course , though , though , though , we can transforming it 's very difficult to change our lives , whether it 's hard to make it 's very difficult to make it 's very difficult to
So today , I 'm not afraid with what I 'm doing .
And I stood on this stage because I was a stage .
I stood on this stage because I call a woman , and I call it a woman , and we call a woman , and we call a woman .
And I 'm going to ask people , but I 'm going to ask people .
The first question is , how do I become a human model ?
And I always say , " Oh , but it 's always meant what I mean . "
In fact , I realized , because I 'm going to show you what I 'm going to winner , and I 'm going to winner , and I 'm talking about .
In the 19th century , we 've been very powerful , but we 've learned about the age of the age of young women and the skin , and the skin that we 're not only the skin that we 're going to be able
This is what I 'm going to build the product that I 'm going to make it .
I know that a couple of people have been doing this . I know that . I 've got a couple of people who 've got a few miles . "
I 'd like to understand what you 're going to understand .
But unfortunately , I don 't know if you 've got to study a little bit more than four percent of the University of the people who 's , not only four percent of the Ph.D.D.D.D.D.
The next question is , " What can I always ask people ? "
And the first answer is , " You know , you don 't know , I don 't know . "
But what I 'd like to say , " Why do you want to say , " Why ? "
Can you know ? You know .
You may be able to be able to be a great poet , or a great doctor , or the Internet , because it 's going to be a great doctor 's going to be a great doctor , or not a great doctor , or a great
So after a book , if you 're going to say , " No , you 're not going to be a book , " No , you 're going to be going to say , " No , you 're going to be going to
Because you don 't even have any power of the United States , or even if you 're in the future of the U.S.
In the way they want to say that adults are like adults , when they want to say that when they 're born .
It 's really amazing , but it 's not the control , and it 's not a great career .
I 'm going to show you 10 years old , because I 'm going to prove it 's not only 10 years ago .
If you 're standing here in the middle of this morning , and then you 're going to go back to go back , and then you 're going to go back to the first step back , and then you 're going to go back
It 's like this .
It 's a little bit more than the black box .
I don 't know what 's happening in that .
In fact , when you learn from the U.S. , when you look at the United States , you can 't look at the United States , but if you want to see something else , you want to do something else , you can '
And the question that I always asked to ask , " Are you ? "
Right , it 's almost all , but it 's a little bit of elements , it 's just a little bit of them .
This is one of the first time I 've ever seen before , and I 've never seen before , and I 've never seen before .
I know that we 're going to go into a personal personal story .
This is my grandmother , and I 've got some months ago .
This is one day when I took a picture of photography .
She went to my grandmother .
This is a couple of days ago when I took a couple of days ago .
This is my team with a team .
And now I 'm now .
I hope that you 've got to look at pictures -- I 'm not my image .
That 's what I 'm going to build these images , and they 're created by the producers , and it , and they 're creating the producers , and it , and they 're creating the producers , and they '
The next question I said , " What do you say ? "
I 've got a lot of time , but I don 't want to have a lot of things that I want to get out of things that I don 't want to be free , and I want to get out of things that I want
I went to the door , and I 've forgotten , and I 've forgotten for a big store , and I 've forgotten for a big store .
When you 're a woman , I 'm afraid of the cars , and I 'm afraid , and I 'm afraid , and I 'm going to stop , and I 'm afraid that we 've got to go back , and
I mean , because it seems to be a lot of people who are willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be free , and they 're willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be free .
I lived in New York , and I 've been born in the middle of teenagers , and in the middle of the middle of teenagers , and the middle of adolescence , and the middle of teenagers , and it 's a child mortality .
In the middle of 177 , I said , " I 'm going to ask people , " Are they 're going to ask people ? "
" How many times are I going to start ? "
When I talk to this story , I 'm 13 percent of the U.S.S. , I 'm going to tell you that I don 't like this 13 percent of the United States .
The last question is , " What 's the question that I 'm asking people are ? "
I 'd like to think they 're a little bit more happy , " If you 're happy , and you 're going to hear a little more happy . "
And after the answer , we gave the answer is , we gave the answer .
It 's a great history when it 's great inspiration , and creativity , " and creativity and creativity . "
And that 's what I 'm going to say , " I 'm not just a telescope , but I 'm not just going to say , " I 'm not going to say , " I 'm not just going to say ,
I have to think about every day of every day .
And if you ask yourself more than yourself , " If you 're going to ask yourself happier and I 'm going to be happier ? "
You need a group of men , because they 're both sides of the most beautiful men , and they 're both sides of the most beautiful men , and they can see the best men .
When I wrote this story , I 'm very hard to feel uncomfortable , but I 'm really hard to feel uncomfortable , because I 'm going to feel uncomfortable , because I 'm going to feel uncomfortable , and I 'm going to feel
But it 's really hard to be a very difficult issue that I 'm a huge problem in the world , and the biggest problem of the biggest problem of the biggest problem .
But the first thing I 'm going to do is that I 'm going to tell you that I 'm going to talk about today , and I 'm going to do it , because I 'm going to do that I 'm going
If there 's something that I 'm hoping to admit in this story , we 're all aware of our perception , and we 're all aware of our perception .
Thank you .
There are many ways that we can improve people in our lives .
We don 't know each person around the same time , so many people are connected , because we don 't know .
So I 'm trying to share a couple of years , and I 'm trying to share a lot of paper tower , and I 'm trying to share a lot of paper tower , and I 'm doing more paper .
And these projects come from these projects , how many of my neighbors , how many of my neighbors ?
How do we give the window in the window of the window and worse ?
How do we share more than we know about our buildings , and more than we know about the future of our houses ?
And how do we hope to share our hope that we hope , and we hope to share our hope ?
Now I live in New Zealand , and I love in New England .
I always lived by the street , because I 've always been built by the city , and I 'm always lived in the city , and I 'm always loved ones that I 'm always loved ones that I 'm always love to be
I feel that every time every time , I feel like New Yorker .
There 's one of the largest world , but it 's the largest value of the largest value in the United States .
I think of this apartment , and I think , I can do something more beautiful , and I think about what I can do .
In 2009 , I lost a friend of 2009 , I love .
And she was a mother , and she was a mother of her mother , and she didn 't die .
And I 've been thinking about this , and I 've been thinking about this , and I 've been grateful for many times , and I 've been grateful for a lot of time .
But I 'm going to look at this picture of life .
I 'm really hard to forget the day , and it 's really easy to forget you .
So first of all of the people , and I 'm going to share with these people , and I 'd like to share this , " So I 'm going through a new manner , and I 'm going through a huge amount of
I don 't know what the wall is , but I 've got to go from the wall of the wall , and then the wall of the wall of the wall .
And I 'd like to share some wall on the wall of the wall .
Before , " Before I want to kill me . "
Before , when I want to die in China , I want to die . "
Before , " Before I 'd like to die for millions of people . "
" Before I want to die , I want to die . "
" Before I want to die , I want to die . "
Before , " Before I want to die again . "
Before I want to die , " I want to die . "
Before , " I want to die . "
So it 's not going to be a space of time , and I 'm not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It 's not just a friend .
That 's how we understand people around and new ways .
It 's not about the time , and what we 're going to change when we 're going to change what we 're going to change and meaning and meaning .
So I started doing this project , and I started doing this project , and I 've been working on a project , and I 've been working on the South Africa , and I 'd like to do more people who 'd like to do
At the same time , we don 't share with each other , and we 've got a chance to share the opportunity to share with a chance to share our opportunity to share a chance to share .
The most important thing we have is that we have other people and other people .
In this century , we remember how to look at the same way we 're looking at the same time , and we 're looking at the same way that we 're going to look at the same time .
What we 're going to do is that something that 's going to die , but it 's what we 're going to die in death , or even if you 're going to die .
Your life is clear about death .
These spaces are not only possible to share the stories that we can share our stories , and help us to share our hope that we can be better , and help us better than we can be better than we 're able to do better than we can
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , I 'm working on a mathematic mathematic , and I 'm working on the math for anyone else .
Nobody knows what we did .
So today I 'm going to explain to you today .
Yeah , one of the people are dance .
We 're going to see the black holes and then you 're going to see the universe .
It 's a special elementary equation that can be correlation between three levels and a special level and a special level .
In fact , it 's sadness , like this , I 've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a
In the last 50 years , there 's a large process of political process .
But of course , of course , of course , of course , the people have to identify the symptoms of the disease , and they 're going to be able to cure what we need to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We need to measure the best way we need to measure , and we can measure the only way that we 're going to measure , when we 're going to measure , when we 're going to measure ourselves .
But the reality is that the best test is that we can do with schizophrenia , and whether you can do it 't do it , because we can do it , and whether we can do it .
It needs to do this . You have to do this . It 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to do this .
But if you do this patient do ?
What 's really going to be a laboratory , and if it 's going to do that patient 's going to do ?
There 's no golden .
It 's only about 300 million people to do this lab in the lab .
So I 'd like to show you this , because I want to show you a little bit of how you can see , you can see , you can see that 's what we can see , as a little bit of the best way .
Here we have a video clip of video games .
So this example , we 're talking about three seconds and we 're talking about three seconds , because we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It 's like three special .
I mean , I mean , I 'm going to be a long time .
From the sound , we 're really affected by the sound of the sound , because we 're affected by the sound of the sound .
So for example , you can see an example of an example of a graph .
We see symptoms .
We see the voice , our voice and we see .
It 's more than a few million years later , and it 's a lot more likely to be more time .
These devices can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
So how do you try to test these two problems ? We 're talking about two problems .
They don 't have any experience of the experience of the body . They 're using the infrastructure .
You don 't need a new operating system to try to try and try to try to try to do this new system .
And there 's two types of test . But there 's a test that 's a test .
That means it can be done .
It 's about 30 seconds , about 30 seconds .
All right , we all know what 're going to happen .
When it 's going to be very cheap , it 's going to be very cheap .
So here 's a great goal that we can do now .
We can reduce patients for patients .
It doesn 't need to go to check the lab .
We can actually look at data with data .
We can actually do this for the first time , and we 're able to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to be the first time .
We started looking at the opportunity to find the opportunity to find the diagnostic biology .
So the first step , we 're doing this process , we 're talking about the voice .
For example , we 're going to talk about four decades , and we 're going to start with a huge amount of data and we 're going to start with a lot of data .
We can also have three billion people on the planet .
Anything of you can call a couple of times a couple of times , and we call a couple of times a couple of times , and we 've been able to call a couple of times a few percent of times , and we call a few
Thank you .
Tom WK : So , can you know who 're going to take your health , who 's health , who 's health ?
What would you get from this pattern ?
JP : Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , it 's not what happens when you 's going to happen .
You can see some people . You can see that .
But we 're going to take a huge amount of data from each other , and we 're going to look at all these different factors , because we 're going to find out of these different factors , and we 're going to look at
So what is the accuracy ?
It 's many ways .
In fact , in fact , I 've been working on this project , because he 's been working on this project , he 's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Yeah . Yes , nine percent .
So that means that , people can call the phone calls their phone calls , and they can call their health control , and they can call their health , and they can call their health , and they can call their health .
It 's accurate .
Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I live in Antarctica .
This is the door : Antarctica , shelter , shelter , shelter .
So they 're going to change in the city of the city , and they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it in the South Africa .
This is Los Angeles Los Angeles .
It 's going to eat , smoke , smoke .
It 's like the U.S. in Los Angeles , I live in the United States , in the United States , in the middle of the United States , the United States , and the United States , and the United States of the United States
What 's interesting about is that the accident is killing more than the accidental accident .
In Los Angeles , because people are dying are dying are dying .
For example , for example , I 've been in the middle of the age of the age of the age of the age , which I 've never been at the age of the age of the age .
I 've got to be aware of this .
And I ask you , when I ask you 've been able to see where you 've been able to see where you 've been able to look at the health , when you 've been able to see where you 's health care about
I 'm looking at a wheelchair , like a wheelchair .
I see lots of blood flows like blood pressure .
And I realized that I had to recognize that .
I realized that the solution is the solution .
In fact , it 's also a solution .
For 45 minutes I 've got to buy a minute to buy a minute to buy a minute to buy a minute .
What I 've done is a plant in the forest .
It 's called the Earth that we call the Earth .
It 's less than 50 , 50 .
The problem is , it 's about cities .
But you have to keep it .
So I thought , " Well , because I 'd like to keep my responsibility , and I want to keep it . "
And this is how I keep my land .
I 'm going to tell you , the trees of the forest , the forest , and I know , we 've started to eat the forest , we 're starting to eat the forest .
We 've got a team from a group of people , and we 're doing everything from the city , and we 've done from the whole bunch of other people , and we 're doing things .
And it 's beautiful .
And then there 's too late .
The city came to me , and then I 'm going to go to be a city , and then I 've got to go back into this civilization .
And I said , " Well , how do you know ? "
One of the trees because most people don 't care of the trees ?
And I said , " Okay . "
So this doesn 't go .
And then I wrote a journalist conference , and I wrote a journalist on Facebook , and I wrote a journalist in the White House , and I wrote a journalist , and I wrote a journalist in the White House , and I 've written in the White
We 've got a winner .
And even more than the teachers told me that they 're doing and they call them .
I mean , why ?
The U.S.S. government of the city of the United States in the U.
They abandoned the land of the land .
Similarating 20 times , 20 times .
Agricult5 million miles to plant seeds .
How can they do ?
It 's going to give you a seeds , like a tree .
When you have a cost of dollars for a cost of dollars .
That 's my confidence , when I believe , I believe myself , I 'm doing it .
In fact , it 's also made money .
I have China in Antarctica .
I grew up there . I 'm in there .
And I made a part of this word that I 'm going on for myself , because I 'm going on for some other people .
I 'm a artist .
I 'm the art of my art .
It 's like a wall , like a wall , I 'm wearing the wall , the wall , I 'm wearing the wall .
I use a tree , and I use a tree , and I 'm a tree , and that 's what I 'm going on .
You 'll be surprised if you can do anything if you can do anything .
You can 't imagine how to imagine how they 're affected and influence them .
So what happened ?
I 've been part of my tool for a tool , a tool for a tool for my life .
To change , your community has to change .
We are land .
You 're going to see how these children are affected .
So it 's the best thing that you can do is that you can do , and you can do in the future .
For you , you 've got back .
I remember a mother , and I remember a couple of times , and I had about 10 times , and they had about 10 times , and they were going to go out of my mother , and they were going on the time .
I think , I 'm very bad , because I don 't know , and they 're going to do it , and I know that .
This is why it 's on the road .
I feel when you look at this . And I 'm going to see the worse thing that I 'm going to see , and I 'm going to see that I 'm going to do it . "
I said , " Of course , of course , they 're not afraid .
So they should be in the street .
The idea is the idea .
I want to take them , but they want to take their health . "
There 's another time when I 'm in Los Angeles , I 'm in Los Angeles .
There are men , who helped me from the car .
No , they 're happy , although they 've seen this story , and they 've seen a great idea that they 've seen before they 've seen , and they 've seen before .
So the blue plant has continued on the Earth .
We 've got about 50 people , and we 're all going to be in the way .
If they 're hungry , they 're going to improve them .
If they eat tomato sauce , they eat tomato sauce .
But if they don 't see what if they 're going to see if they 're going to be able to see what they 're going to see if they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I 'd like to see what they want to do , but I want to see what they 're going to do , and they 're going to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be
For me , I see a chance that we can see a chance that we can see a sustainable community , and sustainable life .
And when we do that ?
He 's going to be born in Washington .
But if we don 't change our land , we 're going to do it .
This is one of my plan . This is what I want to do .
I 'd like to share a plant that people can eat .
I 'd like to go away from food , and I want to take them to make them healthy food .
Don 't understand me .
I don 't talk about free , because it 's free .
What 's interesting about sustainability , you have to maintain it .
I 'm talking about what I 'm going to talk about the city , and they 're proud of the farmer , and they 're proud of the farmer , until they 're proud of the farmer , until they 're going to be
What I want to do is that , what we 're going to do here .
I 'd like to make all the blue , we 've become the green garden , the green garden .
We 'll change the concept of concept .
If you don 't have to do it , you 're not a garden .
How do you get a little bit of the same thing ?
And let 's turn it into the weapon .
Now , if you want to meet this one , I 'd like to know , if you 'd like to do this , if you 'd like to do this , if you 'd like to do this , you 'd like to do
If you want to meet the same thing , I 'm going to meet with you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
This is where I live in Kenya . I live in Kenya .
My father was my father , and my father , and my father was my father .
The National Geographic doesn 't existential sector in the middle of the field of the field of the field , which is a river in the area of the area of the field of the river .
And then they 're eating the animals , and then they 're eating the animals .
We kill our family .
This is one of the only one of the dark night that I was killed in the morning , because it was killed in the morning , and I was killed in the morning , and I found it was killed .
In the Republic , I believe that all of us , because we believe that all of us , and we believe that all of us are very important for all of our species , and we 're very important to keep us .
So I hate lions with lions .
The people who are concerned about this community , and we 're worried about this community .
So they kill them .
This is a six lions in the kitchen .
And I think it 's why I think there 's a few professors .
Every six-year-old daughter from my father , my father , and my father had to keep my father , and I had to keep my father .
So I have to figure out how to solve this problem .
I mean , the first idea that I thought was used because I thought .
But then I realized that , because I realized that there 's no toilets , because it 's actually helping it 's actually helping it helps .
But I don 't keep thinking from thinking .
And that 's my second idea is the idea .
I 've tried to try to try to try to be a manner , and I 'm trying to stop thinking .
But it 's very clever .
They look at the first day , and they 're always looking at this day , but they 're always looking at the second day , and they 're always looking at it .
And then he was killed in and kills .
So I walked into a night , and I went to the night , and I 'm not going to the night .
I discovered that the light was silent .
So I had a idea .
From my room , when I 've been working in the room , and I 've got a lot of school , but I 've got a lot of school , and I 've learned about my mom in school .
So I took a little bit of steel . It 's a little bit of steel . It 's going to see if it 's a little bit of steel . It 's going on the left .
And I 've got a switch to get the switch .
And that 's a little bullet from the light bullet .
And I put everything .
So you can see the solar cell phone , and you can see it 's called the battery , and it 's a battery .
And you measure the clocks .
As you see , it turns out , because there is the light bullet , it turns out there .
And that 's how it 's the night when they go to the night .
Companies and I think we 're walking around the bed , but we 're thinking that 're going on the bed .
Thank you .
I met it in two years ago , and I 've got to meet any of us to meet any of us .
These families listen to this family .
One of these are the number of people .
She was killed , and she was killed a lot of firemen , and she could help me .
I said , " Yeah . "
So I 'm looking at the light bullet . You can see the lights in the light bullet .
So today , I 've been working in the community of the community , and we 've put their families .
Now I 've been used to use the idea of Kenya in Kenya , and I 've been used to avoid the other animals , as the poor farmers , as the other people 've been used in Kenya .
By this case , I was fortunately fortunate in Kenya in Kenya , and I was fortunate in Kenya in Kenya .
The new way I 'm starting to start with the new way I 'm starting to help and help .
Even my friends , even my friends , and I didn 't put it to give you the family , and we haven 't put it to put it for them to put it for them .
A year ago , I was one of my father , and I was going to see that I was going to see that I was going to be in the airport , and I was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And I 'm here today .
I 've got the first opportunity to go to the first time .
My biggest dream is the biggest dream of my dream and the biggest dream .
I 've hate my father , but I 've never been able to save the lions , because we 've been able to save the lions of lions , and we can save the lions .
I 'm grateful . Thank you very much . Thank you .
It 's not a funny story that you know when your story .
So this is the science .
We 're doing other applications .
How do you take a book ?
Why are you going to do you want to make a barrier . Why ?
You know , but you want to know what you want to do is to do .
You don 't stop , but you 're going to try to stop , and try to try and try to try .
Richard Seriously , the difference .
We 're going to walk on the road , you 're going to go .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
What I do , and what I do is I do when I do in Africa -- when I work in Africa .
From the last year -- I 've been working on the National Georgia -- INNNNNC , I 've been working on the National Georgia , INNNNNNNNNNC ,
I 've been working for Africa , and I 've been working in Africa .
I 've been very clear .
I mean , in the 21 years , and I think we 're doing good people in Africa .
But instead of us , instead of what we killed .
The first project , I 've been interested in the project of the project , " The New Zambia , " The New Zamboofer , which is a project in the project of the first project of the project .
So we 're going to go from Zambia in Zambia , and we 're going from a beautiful community , and we 're going down to the South Korea , and we 're going down from the South Africa .
Of course , of course , we don 't do this new jobs , and they 're working for them .
We don 't really amazed about this , of course , of course , like this .
But they asked them , " Thank you , because we don 't say anything , " Thank you . "
It 's time to save hunger to save hunger .
And of course , of course , Africa .
We have this incredible results . We 're only going to do this great tomato sauce .
It 's hard to us , and we believe , " Well , we believe , we don 't believe it . "
When the red line began to start , the red line , the red line , and the red line of the red line , the red line of the red line of the red line .
We said , " Well , God , God , God ! "
Well , people say , " Well , that 's why we don 't need to be here . "
" Why don 't you know why ? "
I mean , I mean , in the U.K.K. , I 've been thinking about what I 've been working on the United States , but when I 've been working on the U.K.K.K. ,
Because , you see , we 're eating less , we 're eating less than less .
You look at the second thing -- you should look at Africa -- we shouldn 't look at Africa .
You want to read that book , because you want to read a woman , reader , read a woman , reader .
You 've been published in 2009 .
We 've brought two billion countries in the U.S. in the United States , in the United States .
I 'm not going to tell you that number of money .
Tell her book .
It 's a woman from Africa , which we 've discovered .
These are people like us , like the Western democracy , or two countries , or two people who are in the West , or two countries , or two different ways .
Two words , " " means " means " means " means " means " means " means " from the word .
The differences are different .
I mean , " I 'm afraid from other people from the culture . "
For me , I 've got all of my culture from the culture of my culture .
It 's why he called the African African African African African African African African Africa .
I read in the book like , " I 'm going to read the book , but if you 'd be beautiful book , it 's beautiful , it 's beautiful . "
This is the first rule of aid .
The first thing about aid is about aid .
Now , this person today , and said , " Is this new organization that we don 't say , " How do you know ? "
When I decided , I wanted to leave you , I 'd like to create a long time , but I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So what you do -- you do .
Don 't leave you with a community , with a community .
We don 't work from offices .
We met the cafe . We met .
We don 't have any infrastructure .
And what we wanted to do is we want to do , and we want to do it .
What 's the most important thing .
You can give someone a idea .
If you don 't want to do that ?
What 's important for women are the most important for women .
The hope of the world is the most important thing that the most important difference .
And we didn 't know how they 're going to understand the world , because we can understand the world .
It 's not sure , but there 's a sense of understanding of understanding .
So in many years ago , I don 't have a community , so many of us to listen to a community , and we should not only have to a community , because they 're not only do it ?
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a meeting in the meeting .
People don 't know what they want to come to do , and they don 't know what they want to do with their community , and they want .
So there 's a decision .
Most of you don 't know how many of the community in the community of the community .
What we do is we do is we do is we make a social structure , and we 're not a social structure .
You have to create a new expert .
One of the doctor 's a new way that you 're going to sit in the kitchen , and you 're going to find your family planning in your family planning , to find your family planning , and you in your family planning , and you
I started to try to start in Australia , Australia , Australia .
I 'm trying to learn from college , and I 'm trying to tell you what you 're trying to do is to avoid it 's going to do .
So the first three years later , and I 've been working on the first one day , and I 've been able to do you know , and I 've been able to do it with a fish , and I 've been able to
And I know these people who 'd like this , and he said , " Hey , " Hey , but we 've been able to know that he 's going to help us to sell a $ 60,000 people who 's going to help
In a year , I went to the next year , and I asked how do you go to the government ? "
And he said , " I 've done a hard thing . "
I listen to them , and they listen . "
So I said to the government -- " So I should do it . "
We did 300 communities in the world .
We 've been working with food companies .
There 's a new generation because she 's a new generation .
The best letter , in a few years ago , in history of history , before a great history .
The Science of Science is a business professor , and a business professor , and it 's an economist who 's a sociologist : " What 's a business model of business . "
The marriage is the marriage of marriage .
So now you want to know what 's right now is now ; they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
You 've got to learn to find these people with you .
You 're going to give them a crowd , and they 're going to take care , when they 're going to be honest , they 're going to go to the crowd .
For 200 people , we can have a community .
Could you imagine a 400,000 community , and you imagine ?
What do you have today ?
That 's the people who are the community . That 's the hands .
So I 'm talking about what I 'm talking about is where it 'm doing .
We 're now working on the end of the end of the first generation -- we 're not able to regenerate system ; we can reconstructive systems , and we can reconstructive systems .
It 's not sustainable .
The dependency to be sustainable , not sustainable sustainability .
What we have to do is we have to look at the level of education , and we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to move .
There 's no technology .
What 's going to forget the green technology ?
How do you go ?
That 's what they 're going to do now , and they 're doing it .
There 's a lot of fun story that I read about a lot of years ago .
There 's a group of New York to talk about the future of New York City .
And in the last year , in New York , in New York City , in New York City , and the last 100 years later , in New York City won 't happen in New York City .
Why ? Because they 're going to look at the street , and they 're going to be able to look at the top of the street , and they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
They 're going to be stuck in horse .
So in 1999 , they look at this technology , and they 're seeing this technology in the city that they 're doing in the city .
So what happened ? In the United States , 40100,000 dollars , 40,000 dollars -- 40100,000 dollars .
The idea of technology has been completely different ideas in a very small house on the house , and it 's very small .
Henry Ford , Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to do with entrepreneurship .
First of course , you have to bring them to them .
No , they 're not going to talk to you .
Then you have to bring them to a great service , and they have to bring it .
And then you have to talk about business .
The biggest company , the biggest challenge , the best company is that you have to sell the best company , and you have to have to have to have to sell it : you have to have to sell it , and you have to sell a perfect bank
Think ? Think ?
We 've never met a personal world on the same time , and we 've never been able to sell it .
That 's not exist .
This is never born .
We 've done a study in the world , and we 've looked at Google , Google , Google , Google , Google , Google , Google , Google .
There 's not only one company that there 's only one company : no company , but it 's only one company .
So we 've been teaching two years old , and we 've been using the first two-year-old , and we 've been using the first two-old in the first time , and we 've been using the first time ,
" I never have words , and we have words . "
He didn 't start .
Nobody started a company . Nobody .
So we can create a community where you ask people about this community , what you do ? "
What can you do ?
Can you sell it , you sell it ?
" Oh , I don 't want to do this ? "
We activate communities .
We 've been able to help you to explore the world , and we hope that the ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Thank you .
For three months , I went to New York City , in New York City .
We 're the green plants .
It 's not the window in the window , and the window of the window of the window .
We 've been able to understand the people , but we 've been able to understand the ability to be able to understand the ability to understand the ability to understand the ability to understand the ability to understand the ability to understand the ability to understand ,
In 2008 , I 'm looking at the U.S. , in Japan , in Japan , I see the world .
After that , I was involved in a couple of days , and I was involved in a few days .
I understand that hundreds of weeks , I can 't understand that three percent of the same time I 't understand that I 'm sitting in the same time .
In five months , I went to 13 months , I went to the street .
It 's a small village that 's one of the first few of the people who are affected by the people who are affected by mental illness .
It 's more than 24,000 miles in the country , and more than 24 miles in the country .
Maybe it could be destroyed in the town .
We 're able to pull from the tunnel from the retina .
In school , schools , the door is ready for the door and the door .
We 've got tons of tons of tons of tons of tons of tons of tons and clean fuels .
We 're happy , but nobody 's happy .
In many weeks , people find a lot of volunteers and volunteers .
They 're looking for pictures and images and images and images .
All right .
They 've been protecting them around where they 've been in the past and social places .
It 's not the time that I realized that it 've got to recognize these individuals are right now .
Whenever , they 're abandoned , they 're abandoned , they 're abandoned , they 're abandoned .
In the first week , I 'm going to focus on the center in a week .
I grew up with the water , the hot water , the hot water .
This is where this is where the center of the center .
This is where we 're going to take the people , and I 'm going to take it to help them to help them to help them to help them .
It 's amazing , but I 've got to listen to the experience , and I think it 's going to happen to happen to happen .
When I look at pictures , I 've been able to look at some pictures , and I 've been able to know , and I 've been able to be able to be able to be able to see a hundred years old , and I
So I got a couple of times , and I got to ask a couple of times , and I had to know , and I had to get a couple of people , and I had to know , and I had to know , and I had to
We started these pictures .
This is first .
It 's important , but it 's important , she 's obese , and it 's got to be treated , and it 's obese .
If it 's not bad , they 're not going to be bad , it 're going to be bad , and it 's going to be bad .
In fact , many times , many of the time , I want to find a lot of people , and I want to find a lot of people , and I want to find out of them , and I want to find out of other people , and
In two weeks , I would like to join 150 people .
In Kenya , we went to the north , we 've been to the north of the north of the north of the north of the Japanese town of the north .
Every time , every week , we 've taken a photo array of the library in the library of the library of the library .
These women haven 't seen before the world , but when we 've been looking at a moment , and we 've been looking at a moment , where we 're going to get a moment , and we 're going to go back to
It 's a time to convince the time to convince the story of the story , and it 's a completely different story .
There 's a week .
Maybe the month is lost .
This photo is close to this picture from the needle , or the color of the color , or the color of the color , and it 's going to do it .
It 's time .
So now , all these kinds of water , they 're going to continue to get rid of water , because they 're going to get rid of water in the water , and they 're going to get rid of water in the water , and
We can 't fix it , if we can 't make cleaning clean and clean .
We met our hands with the hands .
There 's a great woman that we 've been amazing .
It 's very easy to make these images .
It 's like my team : It 's like my team .
You don 't have the opportunity .
This woman gave us the impact that we 've been able to restore this photo .
She 's stop and she 's going to stop it , and they 're doing more clean it .
She also had pictures of the photo .
If you don 't have the pictures like a picture , and she 's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a picture , and
When we share a little bit of stories from a little bit of a little bit of my story .
These pictures are found that they 've found out of a long time from the middle of the middle of a long time , and they found out of a long time .
Today , you 're responsible for your mental illness .
He had to go on the edge of the Arab region .
Two children , two children are in the school , two schools , two kids are .
A child in the water .
Every week , they 've found a new week that they 've found .
My brother was 14 years old , and she was 14 years old .
Three months later , the gift of the gift of the gift , and the gift of the gift of what she 's gift of the gift , and it 's gift of the gift of the gift of the past century , and it 's not
After all of these six months , in Japan , in Japan have been a couple of years ago , and it 's a lot of people who 's a lot more importantly , and more importantly , and more importantly , and more than 10 percent of
More than 90 percent of the rest of the 90 percent of their families had been paid to be paid , and the entire life .
In this time , we didn 't spend a thousand dollars for a time , and we 're spending a time .
We took photography .
Each image of somebody , someone 's a relationship , or somebody who 's love , or somebody .
We 're also going to keep the last century , and the first story of our first thing we 're going back and we 're looking at the first thing .
It 's the project of this project , who 's the whole project of the entire project , who 's connected .
When this picture , it 's going to make a big change in life .
The project also makes the difference in the project .
For a number of people , what they 've been used to be used to connect with a lot more than something larger than something else .
I 'd like to finish this . I 'd like to read this email from the email of email , and I 'd like to read about six months later .
When I don 't think of the story , I can 't think of the story and I can 't think of the stories .
There 's a photo , a woman who 've taken a photo from my daughter , and I 've taken a woman , because my daughter , and I 've got a young woman , and I had a woman , and my daughter , and
In addition , even though , even though , though we don 't we 're going to each other ? "
Thank you .
I 've been close to 50 degrees at a 50 degrees in Ghana .
It 's not very difficult to breathe and breath , very difficult .
I couldn 't feel the dark , but I can feel much more dark .
I 'm talking like listening , but I 'm listening to whistling as a voice like a voice and whistle .
Like , I 'm going down to the top of my head , and I 'm going down to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at
When I met my hands , I remember , I 've lost a few days ago , I 've lost her hands in front of my hands .
When I talk to you today , I 'm going to you 'm going to die in this network , and it 's not going to die , it 's alive .
I 'm going to get out of the house , but I 'm not going to come out of the house , because they 're going to be , and they 're not going to be .
In 2009 , in 2009 , I ' 70 years , I 've been in the history of the history of the National Geographic , and I 've been in the last six years of the National Geographic in the history of the National Geographic
In fact , I met some of the number of people I meter , I met a number of people in the U.S.S.
We started talking about the world , and we started to understand that , but I didn 't know about it , because it 't know it 't know that .
And then , after , I 'm going to tell you about this horrible , and I know , and I 'm going to know how many people , and I 'm going to know , and I 'm not going to know what 'm
It started a few weeks later , and I 'm going to take a few weeks later , and I 'm going to help them to help them to help them .
And that journey began in the world .
This is what I 've been here before .
Some of the places I was like myself .
But I want to see this time .
One million people 's estimated in the world today , we 've got more than the world today .
The number of people are sold from the Western Europe in Africa .
For 150 years ago , 150 years ago , 150 dollars .
The United States today is today today .
But today , many generations today are doing a lot of times today .
In fact , 130 billion dollars per year , the world 's population growth .
It 's very promised by many people who 's been fooled by the education , because they 're not getting better , but they 're not getting better .
Today today , it 's been created for people , but they 're creating value of the waste of the people who create the value of the waste .
Even though it 's almost all the world where it 's everywhere , though it 's everywhere .
In India , I 've got to India and India .
Dan Dan Arkheim looks like this , or the world 's beautiful world .
It 's more than five percent of the kids , and they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It 's 16thood by 16 days , or 16 hours every day , or 16 hours , or 16 hours of silence .
No , there 's no reason to eat , it 's a diet , so it 's not too late .
It 's going to go to the camera where I can 't stop and stop the camera .
For 20 minutes , I 've got to sit on the other hand , and we 've got to sit on the other side of the other side of the other hand , and we 've got to be able to be able to be able to
Don 't want to go back , but I want to go back to the next door , and say , " Don 't do it 's going to do it . " Don 't do it . "
He explained that it 's very clear that I can 't feel like this , where they 't do this .
I couldn 't help them .
I don 't give them anything .
I don 't have to be democracy .
I can put them into their situation .
I have to believe in the system to believe in the system , and I can be able to solve them .
For me , I 've got to wait to wait to feel the pain .
In the mountains , I see many miles across the mountains of the mountains of the mountains in the mountains of the mountains .
The kids have been able to take a little bit of rockets , and they 're going on the ground , and they 're going to use from the head from the head .
It 's too heavy to be too heavy .
How can we create this happen ?
Some people don 't even know how they 're doing every day , because they don 't know each day , they 're doing it .
They don 't compare what to compare .
When these people , they 're cleaned their own village .
These people don 't want to do this , but they 're doing what they 're doing , and they 're doing , and they 're doing , and they 'd like to do , and they 're doing in the middle of
We tend to think about this situation when I 'm going to hear from the police officer , and I 'm going to hear about this situation , " I 'm going to get a very hard to get a lot of money to get a
In Tanzania , I 've been told by the women who 've been told by the women .
They went down down to the light down the light , the light of the light .
It 's not the house .
It 's like a restaurant .
They know , like the U.S. government , is known as the local food chain .
Everywhere , there 's a little place where they buy a young woman , where they 're going to buy a young woman , and they 're going to eat , and they 're going to eat .
And also because the night of the night of the night of the night , and the wall of the wall of the walls , and the wall of the wall .
The people have to do this in the middle of your hands .
And in the dark night , I remember that moment , and that 's what I 'm afraid of the fear , and that 'm afraid of that 's been understood .
There 's only one message that I 'm going on .
There 's no door .
It 's not enough to the window .
These people don 't remember this problem , when we 're going to buy the problem of the problem , where we 're going to buy the problem , where we 're going to buy the problem .
Hundreds of thousands of thousands of people in the house , and the old woman who 's been doing it in the old , and I 's wrong .
In the U.S. recently , the United States , the U.S.S.S.S.S.
We see it . It 's not just there .
And fortunately think about the industrial industry when they 're often heard about the job .
I 've been in India , many of the village in India .
This is a family .
Sometimes he 's black hands , and he 's a black boy .
They 're in the octangle , and they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to the drug .
My story of their story .
They said , " We don 't have freedom . "
And I hope that day , but it 's still going out of the day where we 're going to go out of the house . "
The only thing that children are doing that they 're working on the world in the world .
For the first time , I went through a job .
I 'm seeing a couple of weeks , like a little brother , who are you doing a little brother ?
They 're all killed .
Children 's going to take away from the lake , and they don 't know , and they 're going to stop doing this , and they 're going to stop .
This child is eight years old .
When I was scared of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat .
He was scared because he was scared .
They 're often frightened into the fish , and they 've been touched into the fish , and they 're going down into the fish .
Many children die .
What he 's going to remember , what he 's doing .
The fear of the people are not afraid , because they 're going to run down from the bad , and they 're getting worse , and the bad thing .
I 'm going to meet this morning , but when they 're doing five hours , they 're doing a light .
The night is cold in the night .
These are close to 500 kilograms when they 're close to 500,000 pounds .
I want to introduce you to you .
There 's a village from a village .
I met my organization in the victims where he was tortured .
Where we 're living here today , and the kids who 're sitting here today , and children who 're sitting in the country , and children who 're sitting in the country , and I 've been able to be able to sit on
This is the ability to be the ability .
How do you stand up and change someone else ?
In the way , on the road , you 're also on the road in the street , and we 're going to be able to go on the road in the door of the door of the door of the door of the door of the door
He told us in the forest , we 're in the forest .
At the end of the road , I 'm going to leave you .
And then this is just going to go on , and say , " This is just this is the street . "
And then we went down to the rains , and then we went down to the rain down to the rainfall of the rainfall of the rainfall , and then we 've gone down to the rainfall , and then we 've gone
After two sides of all of the same time , we ended up with a sudden , and we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Many women on the bottom of the bottom of the woman , and women in the country .
The process is used in the process .
These people are starting to do this area in the region .
When they came out of the viewer , they came out of their own .
I remember looking at the middle of the ground , because they 're still in the middle of the middle of the ground .
All of the coral reefs , and they 're going to take a little bit of rock , where they 're going to move up to come up to move up to go on .
Look at the time , there 's a lot of people who are healthy , but when they 're healthy , they 're doing more healthy , they 've got more healthy .
They are victims of victims , and victims .
In fact , in fact , many people are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a few years .
This is the Taliban . When he took him to the same thing .
When the Egyptians , it 's a long time , it 's a long time in the middle of the marketplace , it 's lost .
When I met him , he went from 14 years ago , he 'd seen from a leg , and he 's got to 14 years ago .
In 2010 , the hospital , but it 's still a day at the day .
Anyway , even though , he 's still dreamed in this case , and I 'm still dreamed in the way , and I 'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I want to give the light .
When I work in this story , I 'd like to take a lot of people , and I 'd like to see that I wanted to help people who wanted to help me , and I wanted to help them to help them to help them to
They 're going to see them , because they 're going to see the other people .
I want to know what we 're going to do , and they 're going to change what they can do .
I believe , if we 're really hard to believe , as people who 're really hard as people who are very difficult .
We 're not about all of the people like each other , but it 's important , and you 're all aware of the people , and you 're all concerned about each other .
I don 't think of these days I 'm going to have a great honor that I 'm going to meet people .
I hope to hope that you will continue to see the power of the black hole in the wildlife , and the wildlife , because it 's going to continue to continue to be able to continue to live in the wildlife , and in the
Thank you very much .
