This story has not been done yet .
Let me tell you about some pieces of pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his career .
Imagine him , a public progressively , in the cass , the real truth that his life was a bit skeptical .
Language , over the year of the month you 're wearing the same with him , now comes back to him .
She never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has been very crusted , but we had suffered .
My mother , Maa , 18 years old when my parents lost -- had a family marriage , had two little girls .
So after four years , a more biologist in the story , a cumblebean seafall was fishing .
If we were arrested , first was my cousin and my mother and my mother and she was going to drink .
We 're going to be in the Footat Bayer , which is subtituty , which is the people who are immigrant classification .
A long-term community to the eyes , because it 's got to wear six years .
The mind of reunings and a silence says , " I 'm going to go through every obstacle . "
You open the computer store and you learn a jury and you open a different business facility .
We made aid and aid .
The center was founded .
In the other world , I was in the end of my life , vulnerability and violence , and so on .
And because I was the last year , I was the average student , I was election in the year of Australia .
I don 't know how to talk about alcohol .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
I remind you that I was also by my mother 's age when we got on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the extroid was shoter , the new person came , the present -- and not just , but one thing we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went in my soul .
I collected a little team with us what 's called " No " is a compelling challenge .
I was doing a giant soup , so we were eating .
And after a tour .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is such a time in centuries .
Five-year-old , she became a two-year wife 's wife , who was beating her .
I was bathing in a hotel room in the Sydney moment she died that she was in 600 miles , in Melbourne .
And at the time , half of the night , and told us that he had to be a financial .
And she told us that my mother was feeling .
My mother asked his home , " Why is my mother warming that the people are dressed ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yes , your mother 's mother 's mother is here in fourth row .
It 's a great honor to me to stand here and share with people .
I had to experience long during the jail , and in the prisons , and even in the prisons for the person who was born .
I also experienced a long time in the community of people who had low income projects and where the greatness was .
And I 'm here to be encouraged and then I hear this one that has been more powerful for me .
And I mentioned this because I think the really important nature .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American-American family and followed the model and my grandmother was family .
My parents actually were the slave .
She 's solid , but she 's immersed .
When I was a little girl , when I saw my grandmother going to go and hug me in .
My grandmother was so stressed to me and she was breathing and she left me .
Or two hours later , if I met her going to go and say , " Bryan , you feel like she 's hug . "
And if I said , " You 're going to be , " I 'll be tortured me , " and if I said , " You 'll leave me alone .
She 's a personality that you 're going to be close .
My mother was a youngest in the house .
Sometimes , I went and I was in her side , but she was difficult to have my time .
And I remember , I was about eight , nine years old , something that was a morning , I got up , and I got up in my living room and I saw all the cousins going around the room .
So , first , I think we 're playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " You know . "
" The first thing she wants to promise you is that I have to love my mother . "
" The second thing she wants to promise is that I 'm going to do the right thing , even though it 's difficult to get a lot of difficult . "
I said , " No , no , no . Two people drink . I 'm not going to drink a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people drink , continue . "
I shouldn 't tell you .
I 'm not saying that I think I do that , is moral ; I want to talk about the power of human beings .
We can make them hand out into doing what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in jail for a banished and selling wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were in jail .
The United States now has the highest prisons in the world .
And there are seven million people who are manageed or temporary .
Three black men at 18 and 30 , there 's one inmates in jail , being patripted .
Our law system is not only shaped by these ways , not only the grandmastery of race , but also being distorted by poverty .
And yet , we seem to be comfortable with this .
Such fear and anger , that makes us believe that this is not and the problem that we have to be worried .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a responsibility .
Many of my other things are still very small .
We have a living prisons that are not so special for kids .
We 're actually doing the kids 's lawsuits .
And it 's the only water in the world doing this .
I 'm going to be up to the modern prisons .
But there 's another way of thinking about where we are in our own way .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether people are a deadly guilty or not whether we have the rights of them or not ?
It 's really difficult to imagine that .
But somehow we separated ourselves from this .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflicting .
We 've been difficult to talk about race , and I believe that is because we 're not ready to admit our truth and reconciliation .
I had some speeches in German .
And it was astonishing because after my presentation , there was a reader that was a little bit uncomfortable to say , " I 'm talking about what he was talking about . "
" In German no video .
You 'll feel how if you live in a world where German have been a picture of the death , especially when it 's the future .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , in our country , in the Souder states , people still have a picture of the life , you can be able to end up with a 9 / 11 times as the victims are white people compared to the black and fold 22
And so , there 's a way to stop .
Learning technology , love creative .
Yeah . We have reason , we contribute to the intellect .
They 're coming from ideas and then being strengthed by the belief of heart .
Vaclav Havel , a great leader of the check , talked about this .
It 's about the last thing .
There was one time I went and heard them after some hours , she turned back and said , " Come , Byan , tell me about the public conference .
So I started talking about the yeast .
When I said my point , she looked at me and said , " Well , well , well , well , well . "
I really think that TED community needs to be more courageous .
We need to find a way to confront the challenges , problems and the suffering that cannade .
Because for the same , we all depend on each individual on this planet .
I believe that 's true to people on this planet .
I think if someone is lying , they 're not just lying .
And so , people we have basically the cost of the protection law .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , is a lot of places in the world , the confrontation of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that even though it 's a very wonderful , very excited and very stimulation , but we 're not going to be judgment by technology we 're making by our design , by wisdom and ideal .
Because that 's the result of what we start to have a very profound view of who we are .
Sometimes , when I lose weight , I 'm going to end that situation .
Sometimes I was trying to be too powerful .
And I made the representatives that were very heavy .
I went to jail , and I went to my own myself , and that was 13 , 14 , and he was allowed to stand in front of a big person .
Why can a building turn you into a person that you don 't ?
The next morning , I got up and thought , I dreamed of a crazy idea , or I really wrote it ?
I think this is difficult to be a lot of time .
And I whispered in my ear .
It has something very profound with the human part of my human beings , about the possibility of contributing to the communities , for hopeful thinking .
And when I walked in , the judge saw me coming .
He always looked at the window , and he could hear all the hours of screaming .
He jumped on the guards .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and see that you want to be the audience , the TED community to help you on your street and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a national bridge here , we 're trying to reuse a money to use in punishment .
For example , Cali , we 'll spend a million dollars on the next five years . Yeah , a million dollars .
S6 percent of rape is not processed .
The rate of growth in the United States is actually not violence .
And so we have three fight against people who are inmates who are inmates who are inmates for a bike or steal the amount of change instead of getting them back to what they get to the owner of that property .
I believe we need to do more things to help people turn into victims because of the crime , not less .
Brenyan , he actually beat the psychology of people here .
And so that idea could be explained in a minute . I 'm going to tell you three stories before to fill the time .
He 's here in 1835 as you know quite well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it 's still to explain another concept called the transformation of hip-hop .
I had been there in 1971 , studying the West Africa .
I went there for him for a big man in Europe and I wanted to be able to do that later in Africa .
Although I could have been able to reconcile the life .
This is my first sunshine .
Pearl around by the palm tree you can see , some of the mangrove .
There was a robot that was about 20 feet away from a robot that was a robot that was a little bit of a robot that was a little bit of a robot that was a robot that was a little bit of a robot that was a robot that
The swarcuse of the minopulation , this black-sharing , and they actually have a lot more beneficial than the average income of Ghana .
They get to the age of five-centimeter growth .
So there 's nothing to change , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , starting from the ' 60s -- Europe actually does a lot of development projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , which is called Mutia four .
What we did is we didn 't find from it .
The key is that the bottom of the sea is pull down the boat then being thrown back .
These pictures are so much more imaginationful for this movement that happens so quickly .
In a year , you do a survey then fishing fishing .
These species like this are not consumed , they are thrown away because they die .
We change the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you 're generalizing this , something like this would happen .
We have some good things from the y axis here bio-chemocaly , the number of whale whaleship to the forest , the water supply .
Each generation will use images that they have from the first potential of life as a standard and will be going to go from .
And that 's more broader level , which is what we want to do today .
You just lose the rare animals .
They become less scarce because we 're beat them .
Because they don 't know before this is different .
In fact , many people , and scientists will talk that before it 's really different .
For example , the wilderness story that some people have told the minister of the region , and not used to eat or not by the professional scientists about fishing because it doesn 't take any scientific .
Because with the sea areas that exist , we 're actually re-inhabited past .
I think that art and film can be compressed , and simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and the melody as " Avatar . "
If you think about film " Avata " if you think about how it has been , people -- don 't notice the Pocontal story -- why it 's been being inspired by symbols .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices you do for one day ?
Recently , I 've been surveying over 2,000 Americans , and the average number of choices that typical Americans have done is about 70 times a day .
There was a survey that was done with the CEOs that we followed the entire week .
And scientists have led all these different tasks that they 're involved and they 've spent a lot of time making decisions that come through these tasks .
Of course , each of these tasks is including a lot of little choices .
Now , think about your choices .
If not , when I asked , and if you answer , you 're happy to clap .
This is the fate of their jewelbs .
We 've opened a little tasteatrown right close to the store .
Many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24-powered ridge , and when we had six , there 's only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized in any case that people like to buy a junk bottle .
Now we see the opposite effect .
Of those who stop when we put 24 , only three percent of them bought a junk .
And among those who stop when only six types of jewelbs , suddenly when we see 30 percent of them bought a junk .
Now , try to make a little bit more than six times the number of people want to buy a bottle when they see six types of things than they see 24 types .
This is today going to continue to : financial saving .
And what we see is that the amount of aid that is available in retirement security plans that are impacting the 401 planes that can be saving for tomorrow .
So if you look closely at the planning that the funded you two billion resources are in the middle of the 70s are not as high as we have .
Now not the silk choices are those choices that anyone of us also tell people when you look at financial competition .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple technologies we 've been examining in many ways in many surveys you can apply easy in your business .
People always are embarrassing when I say , " It cuts down . "
When the Proctor Gamble reduce the name of 26 Head & amp ; Shoulders down 15 , they noticed the sales of the sales on 10 percent .
When the Golden Catteen Carts eliminated 10 most bad products for the cat , they noticed that the increase in profit to eight7 percent of a profit and the cost of the cost of the cost of profit and the cost of
You know , average of these goods today comes out for 45,000 products .
They usually say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human beings .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So my lesson I 've done with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandrovitro and we did one of the people in INGNGs who worked at ING and now these people who have
And during this stage we 've kept this stage before , but we 've just added a little bit .
We can solve more kinds of kinds of distinction than we solve choices .
It 's just that Wegman 's shopkes on and under the east of the magazine in every place from 331 of these different kinds of magazine to the 664 .
Now these are two different types of pages .
If you think the left is Swaring and the right is Jazz , please invite you to clap .
Good , some people .
If you think on the left is Jazz and on the right is Swing , please invite you to clap .
Good , more than one .
This is a very useful line .
We have to be gradually increase in complexity .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to finish your own car .
The color , I have 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the line that those decisions exist .
If you press the " wear " deficit " for each decision that means you 're too much choice , that means you lose me .
With the same source , the same number of choices .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the line that that information is represented in .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gave me this huge , big product that I 'm engaged with it , so I 'm very happy to push and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the ball .
For 10 times , there are three times .
By the way , that 's a balloon that 's four times safe .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , do you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the number is the ball of Hathematologist , a nurse or a computer doctor , a murderer , a doctor , how many medical doctor ?
I 'm a student who 's obsessed with perfectness .
I learned in my little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a nurse in the Tonto hospital , not so far .
I 'm learning in the operating classroom starts and the activity of the opportunity , every branches of the artery that separated from the serves , complex diseases , rare and use .
And during the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my job as the emergency roomman asked her heart clinic , is to explore the emergency patient .
And I met Dr. Kucker , she was very hard to breathe .
This is happening when the heart isn 't normal , and instead of pushing blood blood , a little blood movement into the lung , and then blood was overwhelmed with lung transplant , and so the patient 's hard to breathe .
And that was when I was the first mistake ; I gave her a hospital .
I showed her a hospital without telling the police officers .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I 'm not so much of the confidence I asked my nurse who was looking at her Dr. Kucker , " Do you think she was okay ? "
And she thought a nurse and said simply , " Oh , I think she 's okay . "
So I signed up to the library , and the ambulance , the medical doctor gave her home .
I went through the emergency room on the house .
Those three words are : Do you remember ?
She went back and came down to death .
Happy one hour after she went home , after I gave her home , she had a stroke , she had a stroke and her family called emergency room and she was going back to the emergency room and she was just 50 , in serious shock .
And the emergency room worker is saving every way .
They put her into breath .
And I was shocked and shake up to the bone .
And I was sitting on the speed , because after she went into the stable state , she was put in special care , and I hopeed that she was going to be able to restore .
You know that shamefulness , when you leave a secret that you can never swore you and then you 're unstoped and you 're all the most disgusting and two people have terrible conversation , but eventually shameful
This shame is a fungel .
And I was wondering , I was asking myself .
Why don 't I ask the doctor to lead ? Why for the patient 's patients ?
Two years later I was a political doctor in a public hospital on the North Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old man with throat .
And at the time , I was a little bit too much .
He was just in there .
I watched his throat , it was a little rose .
And two days later I went to the next emergency room , and that was my time on top of my day asking for me to speak to her own room .
" Do you remember the painter ? "
You have to inject the antibiotics and restore the next few days .
But every time they were , they were all my little pair , and they were staring me .
That 's the system that we have .
In the last 20 years , I wrote an alarming and a medical media , I was studying the probability and wrong in medicine to learn everything from one of my first lessons I wrote to the Star Star Tour Star program to " Blu ,
And what I learned was that the flaw was everywhere .
We work in a system in which we have a daily basis , and in which 10 drugs are a single or a misuse or a misuse or a misuse statistics , where bacteria get from the more and more and more , leading to the body
In both cases , these are low-quality wishes , because in fact , we haven 't been accessing this problem that we should .
It 's a very popular sleep .
We have the ideas based on our own experience , for example , I can accept a perfect pain patient .
For those things , wrong is inevitable .
So if you 're dealing with systems , as I 'm taught , and I 'm riding all the wrong medical workers , it 's not going to be left .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The medical person , according to this notion , is human being human with meat , knows you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of the mistake , but trying to learn something from happening that she can teach someone else .
She was very supportive when other people were talking about their mistake .
And you just make the mistake of other people , not the " A catchment " that it 's supporting , the situation for people to be better .
Any one of you can be famous on the Internet on the next seven weeks .
But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhhh , wwwww !
But while this video was put up in the month .
So it 's actually why Jimmy Kimelel .
Third , 6 . Tours the 6th of them are waiting for the last week , last week . Third , Friday . Sixting the city in Friday , you don 't think we have this talk today without talking about video , I
It 's almost 200 million turn on .
This is a graph that describes that .
Well , Tosh.0s watched , and a lot of online diary registhea started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson from the mysterious theater is one of the first people posting a joke on this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version of " Friday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody created an old version .
Because now we don 't reward it now , but we 're engaged .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the particular point of media that is , as much as the media media , but they will decide how to solve the future .
And my new company is trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... attention to the community contribute .
Homal . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Well , what about it , I 'm all right now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story starts right here , in Rajasthanthan about two years ago .
We talked about it for nothing to change from the time , by the ancient Indian exams .
Today , we also do that with drill and machines .
The conclusion we learned is that magic is replacing the machine .
They stop creative inspiration .
I 've been illustrating books from 16 years old .
The story is becoming more and more and more and more .
And in fact , I turned into a character in the book .
The firefight lock in the glass , no idea why , is always interesting for me .
Another idea of selfishness when she was a huge infrastructure that could be collected on a single tragic trait .
We all heard about her first , we 've all heard about women , but nobody else in India knows about India , and she 's all about Apollara ?
So , in being back to this childhood , you have to go out , and , in a program , take a flower and notebook .
In another program , you have to take a photo of a tree and note your name .
And what happens is that you 'll create a digital collection that you can show up online .
In the ability to connect to magic , Earth and technology , and so many other possibilities .
So then , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , maybe five , this is a time , and any of these is a measure of technology I 'm trying to illustrate , graph is very silly .
Now if I draw graphics , for example , technology , maybe technology can be uploaded , on a logistical curve , it looks very much like a straight line .
And there 's no money in the history of technology that has grown up by changing the level of a few years .
That 's all the things that can happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's right , it means that we 're in the middle of the traffic .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , what 's the new state that the world is there ?
What is the new way the world is going to be ?
Because this transformation seems very difficult to know when we are in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from when we go to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it 's not really meaningful to think about 30 , 50 years later , because it 's all that 's all going to be very different that makes a very simple miracle that we do today
And so I think this image has meant that if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today these oils are not really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly the randomness of chemistry .
It 's just a basic chemical form of life , but everything is more interesting when those drop-the-shot drop of the trick to extract .
In fact , every living creatures are stored in its genome with its own signature system and code .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually communicate DNA .
So this transmission allows the bacteria to form that includes the same bacteria with the same landscape ; they collaborate with each other .
And so they survive or die , which means , if a community is good , all the individuals in the community , they 're making more individuals and they evolved in positive directions .
And so , the next process is really interesting in life is about a billion years .
And at that point , we can be the most cellular , the colony is very different types of cells , do the same as a single organ .
People 's skin cells will not have anything if lack of the survival of the heart cells , the cells , the brain cells and a lot of other cells .
The next process is happening in these communities .
These cells , again , start to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the neural system of these colony .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a living individuals can , for example , learn doesn 't eat something that doesn 't work because it 's not delicious and that individual can be uncomfortable when it 's a result .
The neural system , the fact that they form specific structure , has quickly pushed the process .
Because the evolution of evolution today can happen inside a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know is human language .
I 'm sitting here saying the innate voices , hoping to create in the mind that people are so rough and dreams and sometimes like my thoughts .
It allows us to survive as a living body .
Electricity , computer , video games , CD and many other things are the professional devices that we create in society to work with information .
And they 're all connected to us a larger community and more likely to evolve than we 've ever been .
This process is also on its own and become , I guess , emotion is from cooperation -- when a self-interesting process is to push its change at the speed .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of curves .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that my device is used to design the computer can 't use if there 's a recent technology in computer .
So now what I do is I do with the animal design of complexity that seems impossible to design them in traditional directions .
I don 't know the public use of all the transducers in the connected machine .
Instead , what I do is something like the designers are doing at the Commonth of the design of the Devation : Think about the level of selection and taking that extracting into the machine and that machine uses more efficiently done , far
And in fact , sometimes they do because the methods we don 't even know .
A very interesting approach I 'm still using is a lot of evolution .
Or say another way , " computer , can you get hundreds of millions of randomly commanders .
In other words , I 'm going to be certain .
And let 's copy them by reconstructing the same compound as the reproduction . "
Take two programs and they 'll create products by exchange of their underground rules , and the product isherited for two programs .
Maybe some of the exchange .
So , I 'm going to have perfect sure that 's going to be the digital program .
In fact , they 're more efficient than I can write my hand .
They 're very ambiguous and bizarre .
It says , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details that show you a safe flight . " It doesn 't make you feel trust ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the standard design of the U.S. design for the future .
Because all this technology has to push yourself .
But I think there 's something that 's clicking us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation 's generation -- no matter what it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite like Peace Reps for the computer .
We picked some candidate candidates a year , and they 'll work with the city .
There they 're going to write a wonderful app that works with the team .
How can it find help in the situation have one two like this ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that cities never remove the firewives .
But a member called Erik Michael-Ober , attention to another thing , which is that people are dying before .
Every time you have to name it , and he puts it on the first one .
This is a little app .
Maybe the smallest of 21 apps and members wrote last year .
But it 's done something that doesn 't do any government .
A guy in Honolulu Monolulu knows this app and realized that he can use it , not for the snow , but for the people to locate the tsunisia .
It 's important to do that , but there 's people stealing energy from them .
Chicago applications for software that allowed people to subscans to tidy tiden sidewalks , when the snow was snow .
There are now nine cities that are planning to use this .
Last year , we had a three-and-a-a-half-and-a-half-and-a-half-and-a-half-and-a-half-and-a-half-month-mon
The project helped my parents to look for the successful school with their children .
Someone told us that as normal , to build a software that would have to lose less than two and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
There 's a project in California 's law system that costs two billion dollars , but it 's not working .
That means that it means not to control , always suggest and reproduce new things .
It 's a funny , because we 'll have more than the action of the electronics .
They haven 't missed .
Now there are a lot of people who lose their own belief in government .
Like many people , I thought the government basically started to vote .
After two years , I learned special from local government , about the open-wall ratios .
He typed " Oross " in the main data warehouse .
This is the result of the remarkable people in the Multural office in Boston .
But what happens to Citiz Conference is different .
Good night , a gross , a gross , a nice mouse . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is a technology approach to living .
When this person helped the other person , our community becomes stronger .
If you call the movement of the animal , that 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the first one .
See , how many times we elections a political leader -- and we usually spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that the government will reflect our need , but then there is no change ?
But it 's really that contrary that helped us see what we have and pay for the opposite of us , and then we harm ourselves .
Someone is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real jobs happen .
That 's what Ocupy HoSEC 's .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but it 's a bureaucratic system .
We 're going to get what we need to do without the right in the right , the right , the right , for all of us ?
This is my voice to fight for the rights .
Their battle is not like us not who will be someone who will be on the voice ; they 'll all have to do that .
They use their hands .
Of course , we can treat the firefight , and many people have done that .
But the apps as the articopatch is that we 're not just the consumer , and we 're not just the consumer consumption of government , taxes and get back to service .
More than that , we 're citizens .
And we can 't be okay to decide until we do the public space .
I have a question for all of you here : When there are important things that need to be our hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of voices , or we 'll become a group of hands ?
And I really think the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients .
One of the things that we did at the University of Radbrymmm is to add a listener .
And we think it 's one of the main problems that all -- maybe not all -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't even hear .
It has a button in the middle of the switch .
But another thing .
But that 's the most beautiful thing that happens because this is called equal pressure , the same pressure pressure has helped patients -- since it 's used to obesity , it can also use to patients to smoking .
Do it out of easy technology and start with them to create a feeling of pain for patients .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where is there the last A TED Fellow to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to introduce this device not just A TEDGE4 that this product is called , but A TEDG4S .
Because , maybe , this is photographer that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's knitting with my passion for drawing , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , it 's planning .
These pictures like this : building along the way , in the crowdsourcing .
But it 's a turning point without wanting to .
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes the landscape makes the illusion .
It 's really nothing true , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I found that the photos are shared with a process .
It 's really just a good job of bringing together different things .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combine of images should have a foreign language .
Second , combine pictures should have same light .
And these two pictures are all together with two conditions -- taking pictures of high and at the same same same sort of light .
So by contracting color , similarness and light in the border of different pictures between the different images , adding the depths of the field , the depths of the bloody and the bloodshine , we remove the edge of the edge
But this photo was completely created by images from different areas .
I think that it 's easier to even create a context rather than looking for context , so you don 't have to be in terms of ideas in your mind .
And there was this idea for the winter , I knew I had to lose some months to prepare , to find different places for the photo .
For example , it 's a fish that 's been arrested in the back of the sentence .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
All the tools are right here , and the only thing that makes our limitations are imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called Gar Tree Grow .
And just for a few years , LEEEPO was on every house .
LEGO took the concrete , the brick of the world , and made it into the brick of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic-like structure that will take us from the world of nomotasons and onto the world that every interactive thing is interacted with each other .
Like the concrete brick , transistor allow you to build bigger and more complex , more complex , one brick .
I don 't accept this , that the brickers built the modern era for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Little did be electronics and different functions .
You put blue on the green , you can make the light bulb .
Instead of the knob , it 's like this , and now you have a light bulb .
So , you 've added this extra-shar , and now you 've created the machine .
We gave them a little little little kids and watching them play with a game .
And that 's a wonderful experience .
We also put a good deal ofits to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unknown about electronics starting to play with a gameB : as creative tool .
And here you see , along with the mesh , paper and water , George Modie made ...
A few weeks ago we gave them a little bit of VIDB to RID and gave them some design designers that had no experience with the cover , wood and paper -- and told them , " Come to do something . "
If the government found out whether they had unthinkable ideas that they could be access to who they were the serial control of these misconception .
But today , at this moment in 2011 , if you bought a laser printer from any old factory called the old and if you have a paper page that 's the paper page that 's going to have yellow dots on all the data that you print
This is an example of how our government is using technology to against us , the citizens of the country .
And the motivational motivations of this network is very simple and easy .
They use online activities to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the typical examples of millionaire coming from the world who made money from the cyberattacket .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that today that we become the victims of the cybercriminals in this real world .
And a clear fact is that these dangerous threats are becoming worse .
In the future , most of the legal tasks will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonyus had been up in the last 12 months and became a critical force in this network .
So we have three attacks : these criminals with the money for any hacking as Animony , as an activist against our antibody and finally the government , the government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happens in DigiNot .
They had to subtitut the last year because their network was destroyed .
In the last week , in a meeting with the Netherlands , I have a question for their leader that if he has to die of Digoti is attacked by Digot Higotarar is attacked .
DigiNot is a real-time service company .
In fact , you need an evidence , if you have a website that uses a site that uses a bangel on SSLAL , which is a service that Gmail is using .
All of us , or at least we 're using Gmail or a different email , and these services are popular in the country like Iran , where the people are not going to use the service of the foreign services like Gmmail ,
And it creates the only evidence .
And that 's exactly what happens to DigiNar .
In this documentary , these are the notes from a company that has been selling the German government for many high-tech tools to be able to hear on a large scale of all the people and exchange of people .
This is the main universe of that company .
But the West is also doing that right in your country .
For example , in German , a few weeks ago , people found Trajan Scansst , which was a sort of German-fanjan government who used to investigate their citizens .
They hear your Internet .
They even use tools like Trajansinst infections to infect your computer , and so they can get all the information you exchange , there 's all the conversation through your network , and there 's your passwords .
So why should I be worried ?
But this arguments is not the case .
Sivil rights don 't need to argue .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And would we have trust , a blind way into any future government , a government we could have in the next 50 years ?
