This story has not been end .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his life .
Imagine you , a community of progresses in Suba , the fact that the life has been waste .
Language , last year , you 're also running with him , and now you go out to him .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in the hopes , and my lesson was to realize , well , history was to be very , but we had been suffering .
My mother , Ma , 18-year-old , when my parents died -- had a marriage , a little married marriage , had two little girls .
So after four years , a natural environment is more than in the comic , a little bit of a little bit of a little bit ofching a shakingching ship is a shaking .
If we were caught , first was my children and my mother and she would drink .
We 're going to be in Fundra Path , suburbia , suburbules for the population , which is the immigration of the people .
A long-term community , because it 's got to take a six years .
The decision-making is together and a silent voice , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
My mother opened the computer and learned a different business and open a different business .
We 've searched aid and funded guys .
The center is formed .
In the world , I 've been stuck in the rest of life , hurt , because violence , alcoholism and her .
And because that work , when I was the last year , I was vote as the Australia Purgill Post of year .
I don 't know about alcohol .
I told my mother couldn 't do it .
My mother was at the time that I was at the age of my mother when we went to the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreigner was made , new people came , newly , new appearance -- and not just one thing we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went into my empathy .
I 've got a little team with us , " No " is " which is " a compelling challenge .
On the day , I made a giant soup so that we ate .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like this in the centuries .
In the age of 17 , she became two-year-old , and she was a very important form of her , and this one was beat her .
I 'm in a hotel room at Sydney moment in her moment , at 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the time half of a home came and told us that he had to be a documented .
My mother told me my hand .
My mother asked the home , " Why did my mother warm , that 's the warmth ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , her mother 's mother 's mother 's mother 's mother 's mother 's mother 's mother 's mom here at the top of the fourth chair .
It 's a great honor for me to stand here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in prison , after the iron and in prisoners for the person who had been killed .
I also spent a long time in the community of people who have low income with these projects and place filled with despair .
And I 'd come here and I listen to this , I 'd like to get more to me a lot of time .
And I mentioned this because I think identity is really important .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a non-Suilt family and in a system , and I was a family .
Three mothers actually are slave .
She was hard , but also people were in a way .
When I was a girl , every time I looked at her and I went to her and hug me in the heart .
My grandmother 's hug me to see it hard to breathe and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her to go and say , " Brenyan , I still feel like she hug her ? "
And if I said , " Oh , " I 'll be " attack , " and if I say " a " stigma , " I 'll leave me alone .
She 's a way you 'll always want to be near .
My mother was the little little little kids in the house .
I was sometimes , I went and I was in her but hard to have her care time .
And I remember , I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , I woke up , and I saw all my sisters running around the room .
I thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " Oh , "
" The first thing she wanted to promised is that she always loved her mother . "
" The second thing she wanted to be promised is always going to do the right thing , though , it 's hard to get them . "
I said , " No , no , no , no . " Two people drink . I 'll no water . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . That 's true . "
I shouldn 't say .
I didn 't say because I thought I did this right , moral ; I wanted to talk about how humans are .
We can make them hands in things that they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for the time of the cooking and the alcohol .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prisoned .
America now has the highest prisoner in the world .
And there are seven million people who are managing or temporary .
And three black men at age in age 18 to 30 , one who is in prison , being run away or temporary .
Our laws of lawsuit are not just shape by the way , not only prime minister from the racism but also distorted by poor .
And even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and political anger and political anger makes us believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry about .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a responsibility .
Many of my restaurants are still very small .
We have the prison of themselves , not so many kids .
We actually have kids doing children 's case .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'd like to be in English .
But there 's still a different way of thinking about where we are in our humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether or whether or not is it that if we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow we 're separated from this problem .
But for the African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They were afraid of throwing bombing .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been very hard to talk about race , because we 're not willing to identify the legs and reconciliation .
I had some speech in Germany about the molecular story .
It was amazing because my talk , there was a scholar to stand up and say , " It 's really hard to hear what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there is no molecular .
You 'll feel how if you live in a world where German has been running the molecular , especially when it 's the Jewish Jewish .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Sukel of Southern I 've been doing this , and in our country , you can be able to be able to get the 11-time-time-time-time-door-p
And so , there 's a way of trying to get the way .
Together , love creativity .
Yes . We have the reason we have , we 've got to get to intelligence .
And they come from ideas and are directly in the heart of the heart .
Vaclavl , a great leader of S check , said about this .
And it 's just about things .
There was one time that I went and heard them later , and she said , " Now , Brenyan , tell me about the public-to-powered opinion .
So I started talking about the Gallen .
When I said my attention , she looked at me and she said , " Oh well , well . "
I really think that TED community needs to be more courageous .
We need to find the way to confront the challenges , the problems and the suffering that are causing any of the cause .
Because in the same time , we all depend on this planet .
I believe it 's true to everyone on this Earth .
I think if somebody is lying , they 're not just a deception .
And so , people have basically been asked to be protective .
I also believe in many places in this country , and of course , is a lot of places in the world , the paradox of poorness is not wealth .
And finally , I believe that this is very , very , very exciting , very exciting and stimulated , but we end up being lost by technology we make by our design , because the wisdom and the ideal .
Because it 's the consequence of what we 've started with a deep insight about who we are .
I 'd sometimes lose weight , I 'll end this story with this story .
Sometimes I 'm trying to get too hard .
And I made representative kids who were very heavy .
I went to my own own self , which was the 13 , 14 years old and he was allowed to stand before a big person .
Why does a building turn you into one person you capital ?
The next morning , I woke up and thought , I dreamed about a crazy idea or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be hard .
I was in my ear .
It has something that 's very deep in the human way , about the ability of each of the people for the community , for the hopefulness .
And when I walked into , the judge saw me .
He always looked at the window , and he can hear all the hours of yell .
He jumped up to the gharm .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the wish of the audience , the TED community to help him in his street and do something for this problem .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a population here , we 're trying to re-cure a money using punishment .
For example , in Cali we 'll spend a million dollars on the next five years . Yes , a million dollars .
56 percent of rapeace didn 't get the process .
The ratio is being in the United States increase in the U.S. , not the violence .
And so , we have three fighters who are in prisoners , because of stealing or stealing the amount of light instead of the second level of property , because they pay for the theme of that property .
I believe we need to do more to help people make victims of the crime , not to do little .
Brenyan , you actually have been right to be in the psychological center of everyone here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories earlier to fill up in time .
He 's here in 18355 as you know pretty well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , still to explain to another notion that is called the movement of hip .
I went to that in 1971 , study in the West .
I came there because Tryi was growing up in Europe and wanted to be that later would be working in Africa .
Although I can get involved with life .
This is my first sunshine .
It 's been surrounded by the brush you can see , some of the men .
There 's a nonprofit about 20-centimeter species that are being a very small-pound cubic robot .
The tievalent property started this beautiful mixture of fish , and they actually had a pretty much better time that they had to get more benefits than average income in Ghana .
They reach the adult age at five-centimeter size .
So there 's nothing changed , but everything changed .
In the ' 70s -- well , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe is doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat is pretty bad , which is called Mutra 4 .
What we 've been , we don 't find out of it .
The main thing is that the bottom of the ocean is been dragged up and then got rid of the back .
These images are so powerful because this movement is happening so fast .
In one year , you 've done a survey after that industry started to commercialize .
These are not used to be consumption , they 're being gone because they 've gone .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the medical axis here , the number of whales , the number of whales look at the forest of the country , the water supply of water , the water supply .
Every generation would use images that they had from the beginning of life as a standard , and will be going to happen from that .
And that is , with larger levels , what we want to do today .
You just lose animals .
They become more scarcity because we 're going to be caught them .
Their children don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists will argue that before it 's really different .
For example , the story of some of the Durgence 's great story , for example , for example , some of the fish in this region , not used or used by scientists about how good scientists don 't bring a scientific scientific because
Because for the selves that we are actually re-creating .
I think that art and film can be able to compensively , and simulation .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think of the film " Avata " if you think about how it has been , everyone 's figurable -- don 't notice what Pahontasontas do -- Why is tinked by iconic .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many options you do ?
I 've seen over the last few more than 2,000 Americans , and the average number of options that the typical African artistic have done is about 70 times in a day .
There was a survey that we had been in the CEOs that we 've been in the CEOs .
And scientists have led all these different kinds of CEOs that those CEOs are involved and they 've spent a lot of time to do with those decisions .
Of course , each mission is compressed in a lot of small options .
Now , think about your own choice .
If you don 't , when I ask , and if you say , you 're going to be clapping .
This is their porns .
We opened a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a store in the store .
Many people stopped , about 60 percent when we put them up 24-pose , and when there were only 6 kinds of things , there were 40 percent .
The next thing we found in any case , people loved one jamming .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In some stopping people when we put 24 , there 's only three percent of them buy a jam .
And in the few stop people when there were six different types of jamps , suddenly when we saw 30 percent of them buy a jam .
Now , try to make a little bit of six times more than they want to buy a jam , when they see six more of them as they see 24 .
Democrats are going to continue to : Tradition .
And what we see is whether the resources are available in retirement-scale planning , the 401 planner can affect the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look even more closely related to the plan that you have two billion dollars of money to the middle of the 70s are still not as high as we are .
Now it 's not those polls that are the options that anyone in us who also advice to take people when you look at financial competition for them .
So what I want to suggest is that 4 simple technologies that we 've been checking by many ways in many surveys that you can apply easily in your business .
People are always embarrassing when I say , " cut down . "
When Probor and Gamble cut from 26 Head He & amp ; Shoulders went down to 15 , they found the increase in the sales of the sales of 10 percent .
When Golden Caten Cat 's first 10 of the worst seller 's to the cat , they found increase in the revenues of the revenues and the cost of the cost .
You know , the average grocery store-to-positive store shows you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is a human description .
And I think you should read it .
All right .
So my lesson that I did with Sharo Benzi and Alesss Prego , and so , we did one of the people in ITSETVs who worked at ITQ and now those people were in a
And during this stage we keep the stage , but just one little thing .
We can solve more different parts of the more we solve options .
It shows that Wegman 's Segman 's Sestrahs on the front of the British corners of the entire world where it 's all about 33100 different types of magazine come to 6644 .
Now , two different types of page .
If you think the left is Swing and the right thing is Jazzling you .
Good , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and the right is Swing you .
All right , a little bit more .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to be more complex .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to finish your car .
The color , the outside , I have 56 options .
So what I 'll do is I 'll change the line that decisions exist .
If you press the button , " for each decision means you 're being too much options , it means you lose me .
With the same source , the number of options .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the way that information is shown in there .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also inspired me this huge product that I 'd be engaged with it , so I 'd be very happy to be motivated and busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'll focus on a number that I hope many of you have heard about .
That 's just the number of balls .
It 's 10 times more like this .
By the way , that 's a ball of 10 times the time that 's safe .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , do you know ?
And it 's just 257 .
You think just the number of them 's balls for a heart attack , a nurse or a nurse or a surgeon , a woman , a medical doctor , a medical medical medical medical medical medical medicalist ?
I 'm a haunting students by perfect .
I learned in my little ghacks in the nurses in the hospital in Toronto , not far beyond this .
I 've learned in the surgery that begins and the act of each one , every branch of the body , the branch of the arteries of the arteries , the complex diseases , the complex diseases , even met and used .
And during the process , I 've been collecting more knowledge .
And my mission when the patient 's first save the heart clinic , is to the patient 's clinic .
And I met her Dr. Ducker , she was very hard to breathe .
This state is happening when heart doesn 't work , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood movement , and then it 's full of lung health , and so it 's hard breathing .
And that was when I was first wrong ; I gave her the hospital .
I showed her the hospital without talking about the surveillance doctor .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I 'm missing my confidence to ask my nurses to take care of Dr. Ducker , " Can you think for her to come out ? "
And the nurses think once and say , " Oh , I think she 'll be okay . "
So I signed up and I ran her home , and I had a car to go to her home .
I went through the save room on the street .
Three-digit three-digit ?
She came back and she got to die .
Hunion one hour after she was home , after I gave her home , she had a stroke and her family calls her to save and her her back to the save room and she was only 50 , in a serious shock .
And the worker worker works every way .
They put her in the breathing machine .
And I was shocked and shaking up to the bones .
And I was sitting on the speed of the ultridge , because after she went into the stable state , she was given in special care , and I hope that she was going to be a sonsummer .
You know the kind of embarrassment , when you leave a secret that he 's most sneaking you can never be able to go and then you 're being sucked and you 're most drew and two people have terrible conversations
This shame is a man .
And I 'd always ask myself .
Why don 't I ask the physicians ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was the main physicians in a community hospital in Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old-old-old pneumonia .
And it was very busy , I was a little bit in the time .
He 's just on it .
I saw his throat , it was a pinky .
And two days later I went to the next save next day , and that was my first time on my own talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember your pain of your throat ? "
He had to inject antibiotics and he had to get after a few days .
But once , they all shoved me , I 'm going to see me .
That 's the system .
In about 20 years I wrote and I wrote a medical media , I 've been working on a process of productivity and wrong in medical school to learn everything that can , from one of my first articles to the Toronto Stone to the television
And what I learned is that there is a stigma happening everywhere .
We work in a system that 's wrong on the day , which is one , in which 10 units is one or the wrong , or the wrong statistics , in which bacteria are the same disease , the more and more and more and the death threat
In both cases , these are very low-pressed wishes , because in fact we never have access to this problem that we have to be .
Tradition is very popular .
We have these based on the market , for example , I can accept that a patient has a perfect patient with the breast disease .
With those things , wrong is antibodies .
So if you process the system , as I 've been taught , and eliminated all the wrong workers , no one is .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The medical person , in the notion that the human with the bone , knows she 's just a human , accepting it , no proud of mistakes , but try to learn something from what she happens to someone else .
She 's very supporting when people say their wrong mistakes .
And she just made the wrong person , not " A ' " which is " which is " which is a support , to get better .
Any of you can be famous on the Internet at the next seven weeks .
But there 's more than 48 hours of video uploading to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhhhhh , wwwww !
While this video is posted up in a month .
The reason is that Jimmy Kimel .
Six , Friday . The X-made city in the Friday night , the last week . Third , Friday . Years . In the Friday . You 'll not think we have a conversation today , but I hope that I 'll be .
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is the description of that .
Well , Tosh.0 has seen , and many online reassures started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson from the mysterious scientific singer is one of the first people posting this joke on Twitter on Twitter .
And then it 's more than 10,000 version of mimic " The " Fiday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody created an old version .
Because now we don 't just enjoy it , but we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these things are not the characteristics of media , but they 're not true for the future , but they 're going to determine how the future is .
And my new company is trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
And it 's a attention to a community .
Honey . I 'm waiting for a little bit .
All right .
Oh , what do I do I get that ?
All right . Thank you very much .
My story started right here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that time that there was nothing changed from India in Mahabhata .
Today , we also do this with drilling and machines .
We decided we were magic that was " replaced with machines . "
They prevent inspiration .
I 've been illustrating books from 16 years old .
It 's becoming more senses .
And in fact , I turned into a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass jar , no idea why , it 's always very interesting to me .
Another idea of gorgeousness when she was a huge land-bound , it can be harvested in a single thing .
We all heard about the first girls , we all heard about the gods , but there are some of them in India that know about India , the Aparajara ?
So , in the way back to this child , you have to go out , and , in a TV , take a flower and notes it .
In another program , you have to take a picture of a plant and notes it .
And what happens is you make a digital collector that you can show up online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and the technology , there 's a lot of other possibilities .
And then , if you can switch on this report .
The answer is , if I do it on a normal curve , maybe , this is a time , and this is a kind of time , and this is what I 'm trying to illustrate , graph is really silly .
Now if I do graphs , for example , other technology , maybe the technology that is uploading , on a logo , it looks very rational , it looks very rational , like a straight line .
And there is no money in history of technology that 's going to be more and more and more than a few years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're at the middle of the communication .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still wondering , is the new state that the world is there ?
What is the new world that the world is going to come ?
Because this process seems very hard to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far beyond how we go to it .
And we know it doesn 't matter very much when we think about 30 , 50 years later , because all things will be very different from that , which is very simple , very simple , very simple , which we do today , there 'll be
And so I think this picture is what it means if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today , those oil drops don 't exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly randomly randomly randomly .
It 's just a fundamental chemistry of life , but things are more interesting when those dropping students get to extract .
In fact , all the living organisms are stored of its genome by the same and the code is completely similar .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually transform DNA .
This is what it 's going to allow the bacteria to form that in which includes the bacteria that are the same kind of ghum ; they collaborate together .
And so they 're alive or dying , which means , if a community is good , all of those individuals in our communities are more individuals and they evolved in the positive direction .
And so , the next process is very interesting in life that 's gone about one billion years .
And at that moment , we can multiply , the population has a different cell , working together as a single organizational organ .
People 's skin cells will not have any use if they have the existence of heart cells , cells , cells , cells , cells and other cells .
The next process is in these groups .
And these cells , again , they start extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So one individual can live , for example , learned not eat something because it doesn 't be good and it can be uncomfortable and it can see that kind of thing .
That nervous system , the fact that they form specific structures , which are very rapidly motivated to move all the evolution .
Because evolution is now possible to happen inside a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know is human language .
I 'm sitting here saying the ego-poking voices , hoping to make a sense of people , and dreams and dreams , and sometimes like my thinking .
This allows us to survive as a living body .
Tel phone , computer , video , CD and many other things that we make in society to work with information .
And they all connect us into a larger community , faster and more likely to evolve more far than we 've ever before .
This process is going on and I guess , the self is from love -- when a process of accelerating the speed of change .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this explosion of curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that I use to design computers can 't use if there 's a nearby technology in the computer .
So now , what I do is design with complex levels seem to be possible if they design them in traditional direction .
I don 't know how all the transistors in the connectivity machine .
Instead , what I did is that the members of the design that the members are doing in the Forerics , which is , that we think about the degree of extracting and take that extracting in machines and using more effective extracting ,
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the ways we don 't even understand .
One particular method that I 'm still using is a lot of evolution .
Or say , " The computer , if you can make hundreds of millions of random commanders .
In other words , I 'd like to define what I want .
And let 's copulate them with the reorganization of the same as reproduction . "
Take two programs and they make products by giving them their subtractions , and product is admitted to the quality of two programs .
It can take some changes .
I 'll have a process , I 'll have a perfect program with the number .
In fact , they 're more effective than I can write my hand .
They are very ambiguity and weird programs .
It says , " Is this a hundred thousand details work to give you a safe flight . ' " It doesn 't make you feel the confidence ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the build-based design .
Because all of this technology has motivated themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's holding us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite the Peace Corps for computer chamber .
We chose some candidates every year , they 'll work with the city .
There they 'll write a great application , working with the team .
How can it find help in the situation ?
They 're there in the snow of the snow .
They noticed that the city never took off the firedoor water .
But one members called Erik Michael-Ober , attention to another , which is that people are still wiping before those things .
Every time you have to name it , and he 's going to name it first was Al .
This is a little application .
Maybe the smallest of 21st-positive applications and members write in last year .
But it 's done something that doesn 't work .
A guy in the technology of Honolulu knows this application and realize that he can use it , not for snow , but to people who define the light-suilt police stations .
It 's really important , but there 's a lot of energy out there .
Chicago using software that allow people to rediscover the sidewalk the sidewalk the summer when the sun is snow .
Now there are nine cities on this application .
Last year , we had a team of three people working on a last two-hour project in Boston .
The project that helps my parents find the case for their children .
There 's a person who told us that the normal thing , to build a software that will have to lose at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California that 's spent two billion dollars taxes , but still doesn 't work .
That means control , always suggestive and reproduction and reproduction .
It 's a fun , because we 'll have more actively with the power of electronic technology .
They don 't leave .
Now there 's a lot of people who lose the government .
Like a lot of people , I thought the basic government is just to get people to vote .
After two years , I 've been able to get a special conclusion with local government , about the bumblehum .
He type " OSum " in the mainstream data .
This is the effect of people who come in the Cultural room in Boston .
But what happens to Citensn Conference .
Bless sleep , the bumbleum is cute . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is how technology is real life .
When this person helping the other person , our community became greater .
If you call the animal center , it 'll spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we often spend a lot of energy to go to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that governments will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but
But that contribution is that it helps us see what we have and pay for something against us , and then it 's damaging us .
There 's a person who thinks it 's very attractive .
Because it 's where the real work of government is happening .
That 's what Ocucipity MSEC did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but it 's the bureaucratic system .
We 'll achieve what we need to do without the government of the power of all of us ?
This is my voice for the right to fight the rights .
Their fight is not like us not going to be the person who 's going to be a voice ; they 'll all have to do that .
They use their hands .
We can process water burns , and many people have done that .
But the applications like the public reminders that we don 't just be the consumer , and we 're not just the consumer consumption of government , taxes and they get service .
Moreover , we are citizens .
And we can 't be stable government until we do good for citizens .
I have a question for all of you : When there are important things that need to come to our hand , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd , or will we be a group of hands ?
And I really think the most important thing is that we don 't have to listen to patients .
One of the things we did at the University of Radboud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why -- maybe not all -- but most of the medical projects fail , since we don 't listen to .
It has a button between the turn on the switch .
But another thing .
But it 's the best thing that can happen because this is called the pressure , the pressure , the equal pressure that has been helping patients -- since it 's used for obesity , it can also use to get drugs .
Winding techniques are used and started with them to make sense of feelings of patients in groups .
The other thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where is there the AED nearby to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to introduce this device not just AEDU4 that this product is called , but AED4S .
Because , maybe this is a photography that you can 't bring in the camera .
It 's a little bit of a passion for my art , but there 's a little different , because using a camera , processed on the plan .
The images like this : building the way across the crowdsourced .
But it has a little bit of a turning point .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the context of making hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you this simple example .
And I found that the picture is also the same process .
It 's really just a little bit of a different reality .
But the combination , they can make something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of images should have a common place .
Third , the images are all the same kind of light .
And two pictures are satisfied with two conditions -- All the photographed at the same level and at the same same same same kind of light .
So by combining color , the same reflection and the light in the boundaries between different images , add in disabilities like the depth of the field , the shorphal , we eradicate the contribution between the street in different images and
But this picture is completely created by different images from different parts .
I think it 's easier to make even more contextual to find out that you don 't balance the idea , because then you don 't have to put the ideas in the head .
And there 's this idea in winter , I know I 've gone to prepare some months to prepare , to find different parts for the picture .
For example , fish are caught in the journey .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
Every tool is right here , and the only thing we are , is imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Guba G.
And just for a few years , the LEGs have been at all the house .
LEGEO has taken the concrete brick , building blocks , and made it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic structure that will take us from the world of the world of the husband 's wires together to the world that things interact with each other .
Like concrete , transistorhors allow you to build larger circuits and complex circuits , each brick .
I don 't accept this , that the building blocks of modern , just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleleBit is electronic-powered structures .
You put green on green , you can make the arteries .
Instead of the tigers , and you have a light-shaped pulse .
You 've just made this phone and you 've created a sound .
We 've taken a little child-ekill . We 've played with a little child .
And that 's a great experience .
We also put a little bit of a little bit of design school .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unable about the electronic power starting to play with a little bit like creative tools .
And here you 'll see , with a shieve , paper and water , Often , and Oldieve got out ...
A few weeks ago we took a little bit of time to RISD and put them for some designers , no experience with the cover , wood and paper -- and paper -- and said , " Let 's do something . "
If the government found out that documented don 't have the right idea they can access who 's the humanistic thinking of these " misconception . "
But today , in this moment , if you have a laser printer from any printer called the old printer and if you can print a page page is the page that 's going to have a page of paper that 's going to have
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this cybercrimination is very simple and easy to understand .
They use online surgery to make lots of money , a lot of money .
Some of the typical examples of milliona-bounding world 's world 's world 's lives from cybercriminals .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; nobody knows where he 's .
And I 'm saying that today 's risk that we become the victim of the crime of the world is greater than the risk of the real world .
And a clear fact , these threats are becoming worse .
In the futureless , the majority of the illegal cases will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymousus has been up in the last 12 months and became a very important amount of weight in this cybercrimination .
So we have three groups of attacks : criminals with their own purpose for any hacking of hackers like Anasmo works to resistance and finally be our government , government is attacking us .
There are lots of case like what happened in DigiNotar .
They had to subtain the last year for their network that had been destroyed .
On the week , in a meeting with the Dutch government , I had a question for a leader that he found was a reason that he had had had a sense that if somebody had died of Digi was attacked .
DigiNotar is a real service company .
In fact , you need a real evidence if you have a website using the CStttttit with SSL , which is the service that Gmmmmm is using .
We all , or at least part of the majority we 're using Gmail or another email , and these services are popular in the institutions of Iran , where all the people who are going to use the service from the Gails or they
And it creates justgery evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNar .
In this document is that the notes from a company that has the Berlin in Germany sold for Egypt 's government so much high-tech tools to hear in a large scale of all of people and exchange of people .
This is the main universe of that company .
But the Western government does it right now in their country .
For example , in Germany , a couple weeks ago , people found the Scanjin , which is a Germanjan who used to investigate their citizens .
They heard you heard the Internet .
They 'll even use tools like Terjinst Scuinstin to infect your computer , and from that they can get all the information you 've given , there are all the conversations that have to go through your Internet , and
So why do I worry ?
But this arguments is not the case .
Civil Rights don 't have to argue .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we believe , in any future self-assembly , a government that can have 50 years ?
