This story has not finished .
Let me tell you a few pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his entire career .
Imagine he , a legacy of Scian , the realization of the Gaulk , the real life that his entire life wasted .
Language , through the last year , you 're co-year-old , you 're going to go back to him .
She never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to leave the life in hopes , and my lesson was that , yes , history was trying to fall out , but we had suffered .
My mother , 18 years old , 18 years old -- a family , a marriage marriage , had two young girl .
So after four years , a more natural school , a story of all of the story , a boat that was the seafillest boat .
If we were arrested , first was my cousin and I , my mother and she would drink .
We 're going to be able to beample , in the suburbulus , the suburbulent area of the population is the immigrants .
A long-term contract , because it 's not for six years .
The commitment to rethink and a voice voice , " I 'll go through all of the obstacles . "
My mom opens up the computer and the expertise and open a business system .
We search for aid and funding .
The center is isolated .
In the world , I was in the tone of diabetes , suffered tragic damage , addicted to violence , addiction and she was bribly .
And because the work , when I was the last year , I was elected to vote in Australia .
I don 't know about alcohol .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother was now , I was old when we were boat .
And at the same time I realized that the diplomaticians were made , new people came , new , and not just one thing that we need to know , maybe one can be a gift from the boat .
So I went in my spirit .
I collected a small team with us , " No problem is a challenge .
I was going to do a giant soup to us .
Then there 's a trip .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like this for centuries .
Five years old , she became his wife , and this man was a question , and this man beating her .
I 'm going to show up in a hotel room in Sortney , and I 'm going to take that 600 miles away , in Melbourne .
Half of the night came home and told us that he had to be a gift .
Our mother felt her hand .
My mother asked the house , " Why did my mother warm , and so forth the people who messed ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wondered about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yes , your mother 's mother here today is in fourth row .
It 's a great honor for me to be here and share with people .
I had to go through the long time in jail , and then in jail for the prisoners for the people who were convicted to the death .
I also experienced a long time in the community of people who have low income and a lot of despair .
And I came here to me encouraged and then I heard this topic that was also helped me appreciate .
And I mentioned this because I think really important .
I actually learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family-American family and in the generation of patterns and she was a family .
And my parents actually was the slavery .
She 's hard , but she 's also dressed .
When I was a girl , whenever I looked at her grandmother and hug myself in my heart .
She hugged me down to my breath , and then she was walking .
Or two hours later , if I met her grandmother and said , " Byan , you feel like her , "
And if I said , " Don 't , you 'll go , " I 'll be attacked " I , " if I said , " I 'm going to leave you .
She 's a personality that you 're going to be close .
My mother was the youngest in the house .
Sometimes I go and I 'm in her , but it 's hard to get her time to care about me .
And I remember , at the time I was about eight , what was a morning , I woke up , and I saw all of my cousin and I was running around the room .
At the beginning , I was playing a game .
And I 'm never going to forget .
I 'm never going to forget her .
I said , " I 'm like , "
" The first thing that she wants to promised is that you always love your mother . "
" The second thing that she wants to promise is that it will always be the right thing to do with the right thing . "
I said , " No , no , no . Two bugs . You 'll drink a drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . We are right . We 're going to drink , keep up . "
I shouldn 't tell you .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do it right , moral , but I want to talk about human strength .
We can make them hands in doing things that they don 't think they do .
He was in jail for the cooking and sold alcohol .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 people in jail .
U.S. now there 's the highest chance of prince in the world .
And there are seven million people who are administered or permanent .
Three black men in the age of 18 to 30 , there 's a man in jail , who 's been run by the hospital or permanent .
Our law is not only shaped by the ways , not only the General because of race , but also categorized by the race that are being distorted by the poor .
And yet , we seem to see this .
The fear and political anger that makes us believe that this is not and the problem we have to worry .
But this brings me to care .
And there 's a silence .
A lot of my goods still is very small .
We have a living inmates who are not particularly kids .
We 're actually doing these children 's events .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'm going to speak up to the prisoners .
But there 's still a way of thinking about where we 're in our own way .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether or whether people have a crime or not that we have to kill them or not ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated ourselves .
But for the African-Americans in this country is a terrible time .
They 're afraid to throw the bomb .
We 're not going to stop conflict .
We 're hard to talk about race , because we 're not willing to admit to stress management and reconcile .
I had some kind of a hypothesis in Germany , about the picture of the digital project .
And so , because of my talk , there 's a scholar and said , " I 'm really hard to hear what you 're talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no molecular level .
How do you feel like if you live in a world where Germany did the death of the disease , especially when it was the Jewish man .
I can 't blind .
In our country , at the Normal states of the long-term African countries , you have the ability to get the 11-year-old , 11 times if the victim is white than the black man compared to the black and 22 times as
And so , there 's a stop .
Public , creative .
Yes . We have a sense , we don 't have a constitutional opportunity .
They came from ideas and then they were exposed to heart .
Vacánav , a great leader of the check , said about this .
It 's about things .
I 've got a time and heard them after a few hours , Park Park , she says , " Wow , let me hear about the private opinion of justice .
So I started talking about this .
When I was all my attention , she looked at me and said , " Moo , well , well . "
I really think TED community needs to be more courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenges , problems and the suffering that inequality is .
Because in the same way , we 're all personally personally personally living on this planet .
I believe that with everybody on Earth .
I think that if somebody lies , they 're not merely chefers .
And so , people have the basic framework that we have to protect the protection of protection .
I also believe that in many places in this country , and of course , many of the world , the opposition of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that this is really cool , very exciting , very exciting , very interested , but we 're not going to be judged by technology we 're going to do by our design , intellectual and imagination .
Because that 's our consequence system starting to have a profound insight about who we are .
Sometimes I lose weight , I 'll end up with this story .
Sometimes I try too .
And I did represent the kids who were heavy .
I met in my own pride , that was 13 , 14 , and he was allowed to stand before a big person .
Why can a judge you make a person that you 're capital ?
The next morning , I woke up and thought , I was about a crazy proposal or I really wrote it ?
I thought this was going to be difficult to be .
And then I whisked myself .
It has something profound implications for humanity in my human beings , to contribute to each community , for the private capitalism , for hope .
And when I walked in , judges me to see me .
He always looked at the window , and he could hear all the hours of screaming .
He 's jumping up to the bullshine .
Thank you very much .
So you heard and saw the audience , TED community to help you on his street and do something to do with this problem .
For example , if you live in California , this spring will have a globalized globalized version of democracy , we 're trying to re-driven a money that is going to be able to use the punishments .
In Cali , we 're going to spend a million dollars for five years to the next year . Yes , a million dollars .
56 percent of these rape rape II-creat-creat-creat-greative projects .
The ratio is arrested in the United States increases in the United States , not violence .
And so , we have three wars against people who are inmates who are only used to steal their bicycle or stealing a light-train , because they pay their own money instead of what they take on .
I believe we need to do more than helping people who are victims by crime , not less .
Byan , he really had been really concerned about everybody here .
And because that idea can be explained in a minute . I 'm going to tell you three stories before you fill in time .
He came here in 1835 , as you know quite well .
So what happens here ?
Second story , still to explain another notion called the hip-to-Affective movement .
I went there in 1971 , studied in the West Africa .
I went there because Tedo was growing in Europe and wanted to be able to do this in Africa .
Even though I can reconcile with that life .
This is my first sunshine .
The discovery was surrounded by the palm of your palm , you can see , some of the wheels .
There 's a very non-found of 20 centimeter of a non-figiliar species with a blackboard .
The thermal industry began to catch this black hole , and they actually had a lot of fish , and they had a lot more money that they were earning on Ghana .
They 're reaching the age of five centimeter size .
So nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europeans are doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat here , it 's pretty bad , called Mutra .
What we started , we didn 't find out of it .
The main thing is that the bottom of the sea was pulled up the boat back and then was bumped .
These images are really so imagining because this shift is so fast .
Within a year , you do a survey after that starts to commercial fishing .
These species like this is not consumed , they 're thrown out because they 've died .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this is going to happen .
We have some good things from the health side of the biomaterials , the number of whaleship whaleship polluts of the country , the supply of water .
Every generation will use images that they have from the original life of a standardized life and will be going from that .
And that , with a greater scale , is what we want to do today .
You just lose the rare animals .
They become more scarce because we beat them .
They don 't know before it 's different .
Indeed , a lot of people , and scientists will argue that before it 's really different .
For example , some of the great stories that some of the Thought of Thought Thought of Thought that there are many types of fish in this region that cannot be eaten by scientists , or not used to take care about how fish is ,
Because with the ocean areas that we actually reconstruct the past .
I think these art and movies may be compensible , and simulation .
You 'll probably see color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think of " Avata " if you think about how people have moved people -- don 't mean the story of Pocontoscopy , why is vibrating by iconic iconic performance .
Thank you very much .
How many of you do choices in one day ?
Recently , I 've been surveying up to 2,000 American people , and the average of the digital natures that the typical Indians did about 70 times in one day .
There was a survey that we had been in the CEOs that we had in the CEOs .
And scientists have led all different tasks that these CEOs and they spent more time to do decisions through those tasks .
Of course , every task is included a lot of choices .
Now , think about your choices .
If I don 't , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their sells .
We opened a little bit of a little bit of stuff at the store .
Many people stopped , 60 percent when we gave 24 types of megasas , and when there were six percent , there were only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized in any case people like to buy a bottle .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the number of people who stop when we gave 24 , only three percent of them buy a bottle .
And in the number of people stopped when there were six types of birds , suddenly we saw 30 percent of them bought a bottle .
Now , try to do a few times less than six times as they want to buy a bottle of bottle as they see six more when they see 24 .
The theme today is going to continue : T-group .
And what we see is that the funding number of resources are available in the savings of the 401 planners that are able to save the ability to save tomorrow .
So if you look at more carefully , the funding that you have two billion financial resources in between 70s still not as we 're .
Now it 's not these silences are choices that any of us are advice that we 're also recommending people when you look at their own capacity for themselves .
So what I want to suggest today is four simple techniques that we 've been testing with many ways that you can apply in many surveysics that you can apply in your business .
People always are always confused when I say , " cut down . "
When Proctor Ramble Ramble dropped from 260 types of Data ; Shoulder came down 15 , they found the revenue increase in sales of sales .
When the Golden Catom is the worst product that they recognize the increase in 87 percent of the profile increase in a profile increase in a profile increase in the cost of profit and cut down .
You know , the average store today gave you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the description of human .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So I did this with Shame Benji and Alessro Munroared , we did a lesson with people in INGSP Campaign that work in INT and now these people who were in a phase of
And during this period of time we kept the stage before , but just one smaller .
We can solve more kinds of molecules than we solve choices .
It 's just that the Wyschery Warsman and under the east of the east of the magazine , everywhere from 33100 different types of magazine to 664 .
Now , two different kinds of pages .
If you think the left is Swing and the right side is Jazzling , you 're asking your hand .
Good , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazzling and on the right is Swing , please invite you to clap .
Okay , so much more than one .
This is a very useful line .
We have to rise to complexity .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to finish your own car .
The color , the color , I have 56 billion options .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the goods that these decisions exist .
If you just click the button , " I 'll give you a decision that means you 're getting too much options , that means you lose .
With the same source , the same amount of choice .
The only thing I finished is I changed the goods that information was shown in there .
If I started with you , I learned how choices .
It also gives me a big inspiration for this big product that I attach to it , so I 'm glad I 'm so excited and busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number of things that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the ballot .
Every 10 times , there are three times .
By the way , it 's a global baker , and it 's four times the global time .
Obviously this is not okay , right ?
But , but , do you know ?
And it 's just 257 .
You think the number of shadows for a card , a nurse or a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , how many doctors ?
I 'm a perfect student by perfection .
I learned in my little pepper , and I was in my campus in the National College , not so far .
I learned in the early operation and the activity of every single layer of every single layer of arteries , the branch of the arteries of the arteries , the complex disease , rare diseases , and we 're using .
And during the process , I gather more knowledge .
And my mission when the council of the cardiovironment asked heart disease , was to the emergency room .
And I met Dr. Dr. Dr. , she was very hard .
This condition happens when the heart is not normal , and instead of blending blood flowing , a little blood of blood , and then blood flows , and so it 's hard to breathe .
And that was when I was wrong ; I gave her a hospital .
I gave her a museum that didn 't tell the officer .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I 'm missing the confidence that I 'm asking you a nurse who is taking care of Dr. Dr. , " Do you think she thinks she 's wrong ? "
And the nurse thought at once and said , " Oh , I think she 'll be fine . "
So I signed up the library , and I was saving , and I was working on , the physician gave her home .
I went through the emergency room in the home .
Three words : Is it ?
She turned around and got a dead .
It 's a hours after her home , after I gave her home , she fell in a stroke and her family called her emergency and people back to emergency room and she just put her 50s , and she just joined 50 brutalities , in
And the employees who are using all the way .
They put her in the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking to the bone .
And I was sitting in the superstorm , because after she was in stable , she was brought in special care , and I hope that she would be peaceful .
You know the kind of embarrassment , when you reveal a secret that you can 't swallow you can 't sword and you 're in front of you and you 're at the top of you and you 're at the worst
This kind of shame is a killer .
And I kept asking myself .
Why did I not ask Dr. the doctor ? Why would you give the patient 's patients ?
Two years later I was the main doctor in a northern public hospital , and I found a 25-year-old knargar .
I was very busy , I was just scared .
He just goes there .
I watched his neck , it 's a pink pink .
And two days later I went to the next day , and that was at my time to talk to me in my room .
" Do you remember the heart attack you 're exploring ? "
He had to inject the antibiotics and recover a few days later .
But every time they were all shoved me , and they were looking at me .
That 's the system that we have .
In the last 20 years I wrote and I made the medical media , I studied performance and wrong with the medical learning to learn everything in the first one of my first-wordsperson lectures to Toronto , to the By St
And what I learned is that there is a mistake everywhere .
We work in that system , in the wrong day , there 's one single drug , or a drug that 's a drug or a drug error , in those bacteria that are starting from hospitals , more and more and die from hospitals , to death
In both cases , this is that these are low-sensitive estimate , because we haven 't been able to find this problem that we should have to be .
The lack of sleep is very common .
We have the stereotypes based on the existing experience , for example I can accept a patient who has a perfect disease .
For those things , mistakes are resistant .
So if you process the system , as I was taught , and eliminated all the wrong-trans , it would be left anyone .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
Migma , the definition of redefine , is the human skeleton , who knows that you 're just a human , acceptable , not so that , but to learn something from wrong , but try to learn something from that happened to teach
She was very supporting when others talk about their mistakes .
And you just came out of another person , not like " A " A " which is supported , enjoyable , to everybody can better .
Anyone of you can all be famous on the Internet on the Internet to seven weeks .
But there 's 48 hours more uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Woooo !
Ohhhhwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
While this video was uploaded to January .
Actually , the cause is Jimmy Kimmel .
Fourth , Friday nights . The city in Friday , the last week . The sixth-day night , Friday night , the city is going to be able to think that we don 't have this talk today , I hope that I hope
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is the description of that .
Well , Tosh , Roshop has seen , and many online diets started writing about it .
Michael Nelson from the mystery of mystery was one of the first people who posted a video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version mimics " The YouTube " YouTube " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody created a old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , but we 're participating .
Oh , oh .
What does this mean ?
And these things are not the characteristics of the media , but it 's not true for the media , but they will decide how the future .
And my new company was trying to enter the environment by paying attention ...
... notice that contributions to community .
Honey . Wait a little bit .
Okay .
Well , how do I do it ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story started here , Rajasthanthanth-year story about two years ago .
We talked about the age of nothing changed from India , ancient Indian ancient Indian ancient Indian ancient Indian ancient Indian .
Today we do so with drill and machines .
The conclusion we extract is magic that 's replaced with machines .
They 're going to be creative inspiration .
I 've illustrated books from 16 years old .
The storytelling is becoming increasingly important .
And in fact , I turned into a character in the book .
The idea of fireflies in the glass , not knowing why , it 's not very interesting to me .
Another idea of the beauty that I was a hugege of land that could be collected in a singleest tragicest .
We all heard about these , we all heard of the gods , but there are no one in India that knew about India , Aara , Aara , Aara ?
So in this way , in this young ritual , you have to go out , and , in a show , a flower and you know , a flower and notes .
In another chapter , you have to take a piece of piece of tree and notes it .
And what happens is that you 're going to create a digital collection that you can display online .
In the ability to connect the color , the Earth and technology , there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I painted it on a normal curve , maybe five , this is a time , and this is a technological measure of what I 'm trying to illustrate , it 's all the time , the graph is really silly .
Now if I painted the graph , for example , other technology , can be downloaded , on a logical curve , it looks very , it looks like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history that 's technological progress in progress by changing a few years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can follow this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're in the middle of the transition .
And so what I 'm asking , what I 'm still wondering , is the new state of life that the world exists ?
What is the new world going on ?
Because this transition is so hard to know when we 're in the middle of the process .
It 's far away from the way we 're going to go .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that when it 's important to think about 30 years later , because when all of this is going to be very different than that we 're going to do something that we 're going to do today
And so I think this picture means if people look at the point of view with a few billion years .
But today , these oil drops not exist , as we talk to now , because they 're all randomized by many chemicals .
It 's just a basic chemistry of life , but everything is interesting when the drop drop in the trick is to extract .
In fact , every organism is archived the genome of it with the parasit and code completely similar .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually trade .
This is what this geneticist allows bacteria to form that includes bacteria that are integrated with the same types of bacteria ; they collaborate together .
And so they survive or die , it means , if a community developer community , all of the human beings are able to reproduce more and they evolved .
And so , the process is really interesting in life about a billion years .
And at the time , we can multiply multiplayas , can be vast amounts of different cells , working together as a single organism .
The skin of people will not be able to do nothing if the missing car , the cells of the heart , the brain cells and lots of other cells .
The next process is in these types of populations .
These cells , again , starting to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those types of populations .
And they take advantage of evolution in evolution .
So a fish that can live , for example , is not eating a kind of thing because it 's not good and it can see if it 's going to eat that .
And that neuroscience , actually they form extraordinary structures , quickly pushed evolutionary processes .
Because evolution is now possible today can happen inside a fish .
For example , the most complex version of us know about human language .
I 'm sitting here talking about the innate , hoping to create in the head of everybody thinking and ambiguous and ambiguous and thoughtful of my thoughts .
This allows us to survive as a living organism .
The telephone , the computer , the video , the CD and other things are the expert that we 're creating in society to work with information .
And they all relate to us a larger community and better access to us than we 've ever been able to get .
This process is going on and I think , which is , I think , is the catalyst , when a self-sustainable process acceleration rate of it .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this curve .
Now I 'm designing computers to earn money , and I know that I 've been used to design computers to design without without technologies that without technologies that are close to the computers in the computer industry .
So now , what I do is design with complexity that is possible to be possible if they design the system .
I don 't know the use of all the sales of the sales of the connection .
Instead , what I did is that the candidate design that the actual design was doing in the Council , I think we thought about the level of extract and take that level of extract and take that into the machines and then we use more efficient
And in fact , sometimes they do because the methods we don 't even understand .
A particularly exciting method that I 'm still using a lot of evolution .
Or say , " Well , your computer , you can take hundreds of random numbers of randomly chosen license .
In other words , I 'd determined my thing .
And let 's copy them with the same self-replaying process . "
Take two programs and they will create products by metabolic norms , and product that is inherently impacted the rules of two rules .
Maybe we can take some of these mutations .
The process , I 'm going to have perfect programmary with the number of numbers .
In fact , they 're more efficient than I can write hands .
They 're very staggering programs and oddities .
It says , " Is this one hundred million details of the same detail to give you a safe flight . " What does it feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than design for the normal construction .
Because all this technology is pushing itself .
But I think there 's something that 's pulling us .
And I think we 're all here is part of the next generation -- regardless of what it is .
This program is called Code for the U.S. and this program is quite similar to the Service Corps for the computer .
We choose some candidate candidates every year , they 're going to work with the city .
They 're going to write great applications , working with staff .
How can it search for help in this situation ?
They were in the two months of snow .
They 're paying attention to the city never removed the faucet .
But one member of the members named Eko Michael Maps , and the attention to another , that 's the people who are still in the front of those things .
Every time you 're doing that , you have to name it , and he put the first name of the Alright .
This is a small application .
Maybe there 's the smallest of 21sters and candidate textbooks last year .
But it did something that didn 't work without any government .
One of the guy in Honolulu Kuuluer knows this application and recognizing that he can use it , not for the snow , but to navigate the queens .
These lights are very important , but there are people who are stolen from them .
Chicago appsually enables everybody to put the sidewalk the sidewalk and the skinsula when there was snow .
Now there are nine cities that are planning to use this application .
Last year , we had a team of three people working in a two-month-and-half months of Boston .
The project that helped parents find the case for their children .
Someone told us that normal , to build a software that will have to take at least two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California that has spent the two billion dollars tax tax dollars , but not working .
That means that with no control , always open and new reproductive products .
That 's a fun , because we 're going to have more dynamic activities with the power of electronics .
They 're not abandoned .
Now there are a lot of people who lose confidence in government .
Like many people , I thought the government was just arresting people .
After two years , I learned specifically with local government , about the slums .
He typed " Opum " in the mainstream data .
This is the effect of the people in the city in Boston .
But what happened to Citizens .
Good nights , the ratio ratum . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is the technological approach to life .
When this person helped the other person , our community became much stronger .
If you call the animal management , that will cost more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the head of the other .
How many times when we vote a political leader -- and we spend more energy to find a politician -- and then we sit back and hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs , but then we 're going to change our
But that 's the contribution that we see what we have and we have to pay for the things we , and then we do it .
Someone think that politics is very attractive .
Because that 's where the real government works .
That 's what Occupygthey SECP is done .
Have you ever seen these people ?
That 's not politics , but the organ system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do without the government policy-making government for all of us ?
This is my voice for the power to fight for the rights .
Their war doesn 't like us who will not be the person going to be a voice ; it 's going to do it .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can process the water , and many people have done that .
But the applications like the arts reminder that we 're not only consumers , and we 're not only consumers , taxes , taxes and adopted .
Moreover , we are citizens .
And we can 't stabilize government until we 're good tasks .
I have a question for all of you here : When there are important things that are important to our hands , we 're going to be a crowd-hour crowd , or we 're going to be a group of hands of hands ?
And I really think the most important thing is we don 't listen to patients .
One of the things that we did at Radboud was a listener to a listener .
And we think this is one of the problems that all -- perhaps not all of the medical projects -- but most of the electronics is failing , since we don 't listen to anymore .
It has a button in between the middle of the turn .
But another thing .
But that 's the best thing that can happen because this is called the gay , the co-rist , the inequalities that have helped patients -- since it 's used to be obese , it can also use the patients to take
How easy techniques are used and they start to make comfortably feel the patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know all of the gas stations .
But where is there where there 's the most recent AED to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device not just A42 that this product called A4424 .
Because , perhaps , this is photography that you can 't bring in camera .
It 's woven with my passion , but there 's a little different thing , because using a camera , processed process .
These images like this : building blocks along the way .
But it has a blank slate that doesn 't want .
What makes a hallucination ?
Sometimes the context creates illusion .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it is .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I found that the photos were also shared a process .
That 's actually just the rest of the other things that are different .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the picture is that there 's a common ground .
Secondly , combine photos of images that should be identical .
And two images are all satisfied two conditions -- photographed at the same same level and at the same kind of light .
So by combining color , contrasting the boundaries between other images , adding the depths of the disability of the wing , we eliminate the color of the color , we eradicated the edges of the images in different images and the edges of
But this picture was completely created by different pictures .
I think that the individual will be easier to make even more contextual , because then you don 't have to fold the ideas in the head .
And there was this idea for winter , I knew I had to lose a few months to be prepared , to find different places of the photographs of the photos .
For example , fish are caught in the story .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
All the tools right here , and the only thing that we do is imagine .
Thank you .
It 's called Gallengeful Gall .
And just in the short few years , the LOVs had been in the house .
The YOEGO Thom Years , the bricket building blocks , and it turns into the imagiles of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic condition that will take us from the world of immense mass stacks of stacks of stacks of things that are interactive to the world .
It 's like a bricks , transistor allows you to build large circuitry and complex circuit , a lot of geeks .
My personal , I don 't accept this , that the brickets builds the modern age of modern experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleB : The electronics is different functions .
You 're putting the blue , you can make the lights out of the light .
Instead of creating the fabric of the building , and now you have a flashlight of flashlight .
So , we added this phone , and now you 've created an aerody .
We gave them a kid-Bird for young children and see them playing with aB .
And that 's a wonderful experience .
We also gave up a Carlitters to design schools .
For example , we have the designers that are completely unknown about electronics that starts playing with a call for creative tool .
And here you 'll see , with the whiskey , and the bottle , Odie Maddie had done ...
A few weeks ago we gave Sittee to RISDD and gave them some design pilots with the techniques , and paper -- and told them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government comes out of the documentary ideals that they can access who they are the subjective of " mental capitalism .
But today , at this moment , if you have a laser printer from any printers called the age of a tool called the old-year-old paper , and if you 're going to print a paper that 's going to have a sheet
This is a example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And the dynamic of this criminal revolution is very simple and easy .
They use online attacks to actually make lots of money , lots of money .
Some of the examples of these rich million rich world 's lives from the people who are made of money from the attacking attacks .
Alfred Gonzzzzalz .
Bjorn Sacin :
Jain is blowing ; and no one knows where he 's .
And I said that today 's risk that we become a victim of the crime of the real risk of the real world .
And the truth is clearly the threats are getting worse .
In the future , the majority of illegal cases will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymouses had been up in December and became a very important force in this attack .
So we have three major groups : the criminal justice marketers like Anonymous hackers to protest and the bottom of our government , the government of our government , the government is attacking us .
There are a lot of cases like what happened in Digi .
They had to subdarked last year because their network was destroyed .
In the last week , in a National Dutch government , I had a question for a question that he found that if someone had to die of Digma was attacking .
Digi is a real company that provides a real solution .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using a normal transportation of SSSpex , SSL , which is the translation services that the Gillary is using .
All of us , or at least the biggest part of us are using Gmail or another email , and these services are common in the U.S. states , where the economists are going to use the foreign services like the foreign services , where
And creating just the evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to Digra .
In this documentary is the news that there 's a company in Germany , which sells the Egyptian government for a very high-tech tool to hear in a large scale of all the tribes and exchange of people .
This is the main universe of that company .
But the Western government does that even in their country .
For example , for example , several weeks ago , people had discovered the Scantanjan , which was a German officer who used to investigate their citizens .
They heard a kidniece of your Internet .
They 're even going to use tools like Scotanjan Kaninsteins to infect your computer , and from that they can be able to communicate , you can get all the conversations through your web , and you have your password through
So why do I worry ?
But this argument is not rational .
The private sector doesn 't need to argue .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And is we believe , how do we believe , a blindly blind government , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
