This story hasn 't done yet .
Let me tell you about a few pieces .
Imagine a first piece : a man burned his life .
Imagine him , a product that came into the Gupton , the face of the fact that his life was free .
Language , over the year 's five months , you 're doing it with him , now we 're going to make fungus .
My sister never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life through hopelessness , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has been trying to fall out of us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Maai , 18 years old , when my parents died -- a married marriage , there were two small girls .
So after four years , there 's more than a book than in the book , a boat that 's hit by camouflage .
If we were arrested , first was my sister and my mother , she would take .
We 're going to be in Foot Cayer , the suburbs for the people in which the population is the immigrants .
A long-term government to fish eyes , because it 's got to wear six years .
It 's about reassuring and a quiet voice , " I 'm going to go through all the obstacles . "
You open your computer store and you learn a aesthetic opportunity and open a different business . " & lt ; em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; / em & lt ;
We 're looking for aid and funders .
The centers are established .
In the other world , I 've been stuck in the de-lived deals , injured damage for violence , addiction and she 's stressed .
And for that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in Australia 's year .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother reminded me that I 'm at the age of my mother when we 're on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that theanders were made , the new person came to the present -- and not just one thing we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went in my own sense .
I collected a little team with us called " No , " No , " is a fascinating challenge .
I made a huge soup of soup so that we eat .
And then there 's a journey .
Before I ended , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like that for centuries .
In the age of 17 , she became a two-year-old , his wife beat her .
I 'm in a hotel in Sdney 's hotel in her moment , 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the end of a professor came and told us that he had to close it .
My mother told us my hand .
My mother said , " Why is my mother warmth my mother warmth ? "
Now I 'd like to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother 's mother today is here in a year or five-year-old chair .
It 's a great honor for me to stand here and share with people .
I had to go through a long time in prison , after irony and even in prison for the prisoner of the prisoner .
I 've gone through a long time in the community of people who have low-income to projects and places of despair .
And I 'm here that I 'm encouraged and I listen to this itself , and I 've got a lot more resources for me .
And I 'm talking about this because I think it 's really important .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , an African-American-American , and I 'm a Jew and she 'm a family .
Three mothers are actually a slaves .
She 's hard , but she 's too often in .
When I was a child , every time I looked at her , she would go to her side and hug me in .
My huged me down to the end of the day I saw my breath and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'd come and say , " Bryanyan , are you feeling like hug her ? "
And if I said , " No , you 're going to " attack " me and if I said , " You 're going to leave me .
She owns a characteristic way that you 'll always want to be close .
My mother was the youngest son in the house .
And sometimes , I 'm on her side , but I 'm really hard for her to care about me .
And I remember , when I was about eight , nine years old , there was a morning , I woke up , and I saw all my sisters around the room .
When I first thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget it .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " No . "
" The first thing that she wanted her to promise is she always love her mother . "
" The second thing that she wanted her to promise is that it 's always going to do the right thing to do the right thing . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no , two of you go . You 're not going to take a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people go , go on . "
I 'm not supposed to talk about it .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do it right , is moral ; that I want to talk about human power .
We can make them start to do what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather had been in prison for banking and sold wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
The United States now has the highest prison rate in the world .
And there are seven million people who are governed or enabled .
For three black men at 18 to 30 to 30 , there 's been a prisoner in prison , stressed or restricted .
Our law system isn 't just shaped by ways , not just the grandmothers because of race , but also being distorted by poverty .
Even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and the political anger that we believe that this isn 't and the problem that we have to worry about .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a silent silence .
A lot of my customers are still very small .
We 've got ourselves in general . We don 't have kids .
We 're actually doing kids , we 're doing kids .
And that 's the only country in the world doing this .
I 'm going to be representative for prisoners .
But there 's still another way of thinking about where we are in our humanity .
The other way of thinking about this isn 't the guilty or not that we have to kill them or not ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we separate ourselves from this problem .
But for the African-American in this country , it 's a terrible time .
They 're afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflicting .
We 've been hard to talk about the race I believe , because we 're not willing to acknowledge the legs and reconcile .
I 've got a few talks in Germany about the form of the atoms .
It was astonishing because after my talk , there was a science who stood up and said , " Well , I 'm very difficult to listen to what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no shape .
You 're going to feel like if you live in a world where Germany did a model , especially when it was a Jewish Jew .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Southwives of the long-lived men still have the ability to be able to be able to be 11 times higher than white people are black and 22 times as black as black as black and 22 times as black
And so , there 's a way of preventing .
I love technology , love creativity .
Well . We have a sense , we don 't contribute to intelligence .
And they came out of the ideas and then were told by the heart of their heart .
Vaclav Hav Havel , a great leader of the checklist , talked about this .
It 's about things .
And once I went and heard them after a few hours , she had come back and said , " Well , Branyan , let me tell you about the justice conference .
So I started talking about yelling .
When I said my attention , she looked at me and said , " Well , yeah , yeah . "
I really think the TED community needs to be courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenge , the problems and the suffering that the suffering .
Because for the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that it 's true for people on Earth .
I think that if someone is lie , they 're not just a cheer .
And so , we 've got the basic price of law enabled .
I also believe that in a lot of places in this country , and of course , many places around the world , the contrary of poverty is not rich .
And at the end , I believe that even though it 's very cool , very exciting , very excited , but we 're at the end of our technology , we 're not going to make by our design , by intelligence and ideal .
Because that 's what we 're starting to have a profound view of us .
Sometimes , when I lost my balance , I 'm going to end that situation with this story .
Sometimes I try too .
And I 've been representative for kids who are very heavy .
I went into my own prison , and that was 13 , 14 and he was allowed to be in front of a big person .
Why can a building make you a person you 're not ?
The next morning , I wake up and think , I dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be miserable .
I whispered in my ear .
It has a very profound relationship with the human being in my human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the thinking of the hope .
And when I walked in , the judges saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can listen to all the hours of screaming .
He jumped up to the gateway .
Thank you very much .
So you 've heard , and you 've seen the desire of the audience , the TED community to help you on your way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , then this spring would have an idea that we 're trying to reinvent the money of the punishment .
For example , Cali We 're going to spend a million dollars on the next five years . Well , a million dollars .
56 percent of rape was not processed .
The rate of embodied in the U.S. increases in the U.S. is really not guilty of violence .
And so , we 've got three fighting against people who have been prisoners , because they 're stealing a bicycle or stealing assets instead of putting them back to what they 're taking the subject of that assets .
I believe that we need to do a lot more work to help people who are turned out to be victims of crime , not to do less .
Byan , you 've really had the psychology of people here .
And because that idea could be explained in a minute . I 'm going to tell you three stories before to fill the rest of time .
He came here in 1835 as you know quite well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it 's still to pay a different notion of what 's called the pathway of the hip .
I 've been there in 1971 , researching in West Africa .
I was there because I was growing up in Europe and I wanted to do that later would work in Africa .
Even though I was able to fit into that life .
This is my first sunbeat .
It 's been around by the palm of the palm , you can see , some of the mangroves .
There 's almost 20-2-2-2-a-a-like individuals with the names of the name of a black dyle .
It 's kind of a dub-in-lived dyching fishing , and they 're really having a lot of time they 're going to get more likely to get the average income in Ghana .
They get to the age of five-centimeter size .
So there 's no change , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- no , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe was doing a lot of development projects .
And this boat here , pretty badly , is called Mutia 4 .
What we started , we didn 't find from the meaning of it .
The point is that the bottom of the ocean was pulled up on the boat then was thrown back back .
These pictures are really enabled , because this shift is happening too quickly .
In a year , you do a survey and then the commercial fishing .
These species like this , they 're not consumed , they 're thrown out because they 're dead .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have a few good things from the yard here where biodiversity , the number of killer whales in your forest , the water supply .
Every generation will use images that they 've got from the beginning of life as a criteria and will be going to happen .
And that , as much bigger , is what we want to do now .
You just lose the rare animals .
They become less scarce , because we 're beat them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , a lot of people , and scientists would argue that before it 's really different .
For example , the wild story that some of the people told me about the Court , seeing a lot of fish in this region can 't eat or not even be used by experts on fishing scientists , because it doesn 't make science .
Because with the sea areas that exist , we 're actually reinventing the past .
I think it 's art and film can be compressed , and simulated .
You 'll be able to see color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it 's moving people -- don 't notice the story of Pahrawery do -- why it 's been touched by the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices do you do for a day ?
Recently , I 've looked at more than 2,000 Americans , and the average number of choices that the typical people have done is about 70 times in a day .
There 's been surveyed with CEOs that we 've been in a week .
And scientists have led to all the different kinds of tasks that these CEOs are participating and they spend a lot of time to do decisions about that mission .
Of course , every mission is including a lot of small choices .
Now , thinking about your own choices .
If I don 't , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy .
This is their siblings .
We 've created a little tastes right into the store .
Many of us have stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24-maches , and when we just had six , there were only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized that in the case people were interested in buying a bottle of square .
Now we see the opposite effect .
Some of the people stopped when we gave 24 , only three percent of them bought a bottle of square .
And then , there are only six ovaries , sometimes we see 30 percent of them buying a bottle of square .
Now , try to do a less than six times the number of people who want to buy a bottle when they see six , when they see 24 .
The subject is going to continue : financial saving .
And what we see is that the number of resources are available in the retirement planning plans , the 401 401 401 plan that can be able to save more tomorrow .
So if you look at better , the plans that the funding for you two billion financial resources to participate in the mid- ' 70s are not as high as we 're going to .
Now it 's not the silk that 's the choices that anyone of us also tell people when you look at financial competitors .
So what I want to suggest to you today is four simple techniques that we 've been checking in a lot of ways you can apply easily in your business .
People were always wrong when I said , " It 's cut down . "
When Progotor & amp ; Gamble 's down from 26 U.K. and Shoulders down 15 , they 've seen the rise of the payload of the 10 percent .
When the Golden Golden Fat kind of eliminating the worst product of the cats for the cat , they 've seen the rise of eight7 percent of the payment of the profits and cut down the cost .
You know , the average shop stores today give you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is a human being .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So the lesson I 've done with Shlom Benartzi and Alessandrovitrovit So , we 've done one of the people in INGNG , who worked at ING and now
And during this stage , we 're holding this stage before , but we 're just a little bit more .
We can solve more distances than we deal with choices .
It shows that Wegmans on top of the store and under the east of the store of the magazine from 331 different kinds of magazine , come to 664 .
It 's now two different types of girls .
If you think the left on the left is Swing and the shape on the right is Jazzling , then take your hand .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and on the right is Swing , I 'm going to invite you to clapping your hand .
Okay , a little bit more .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to rise to complexity .
You 've got more than 60 different decisions , let 's get a place for your car .
The car , on the outside I had 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change what those decisions exist .
If you just click the knot , " for each decide that you 're getting too much choices , it means you lose me .
With the same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the restaurant where that information is present .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gave me this big product that I 'm engaged with it , so I 'm excited about it , and I 'm busy .
Let me generalize .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the shadow .
Every 10 times , there are three times .
By the way , that 's a global hit by 10 times four times as safe as well .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , are you aware ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think that 's what 's going to be a cardiovascular surgeon , a nurse or a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a student who was obsessed with perfectness .
I learned in my little while in my little shines in the nurses in the National University of Toront Toronto , not a very far away .
I learned in the first surgery and the activity of every life , the branches of the artery of the circuitry , the complex disease , the rarely met and use .
And over the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of cardiovascular learning , is to explore the patient 's emergency . & lt ; em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; em & gt ; & lt ; / em &
And I met Dr. Ducker , she was very difficult .
This state happens when your heart isn 't normal , and instead of putting your blood into the lung , a little blood goes back into the lung , and then blood pressure , and so it 's hard to breathe .
And that 's when I 'm wrong ; I give her the hospital .
I showed her the hospital without talking to the surveillance doctor .
Maybe I had the right reason .
In fact , I 'm missing confidence that I 'm asking my nurses to take care of Dr. Dr. Ducker , " Do you think she 's wrong ? "
And the nurses thought a while and said , " Oh , I think you 're going to be okay . "
So I 'm signing the library , and the ambulance to save her back home .
I went through the emergency room on the way home .
These three letters are : Do you remember ?
She came back and approached death .
Hold one hour after she went home , after I gave her home , she had a stroke and her family called the emergency room and people brought her back to the emergency room and blood pressure was 50 , in a serious shock .
And the staff of saving all the way .
They put her into the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking it to bone .
And I 'm sitting on the train , because after she 's going to go into the specific care , and I hope that she 's going to be able to serve .
You know that the strong embarrassment , when you reveal a secret that you 're most of you 're looking at , and then you 're separated and you 're the best of your body and two people who have terrible conversations , but eventually
This shame is a guy .
And I just wondered .
Why don 't I ask my doctor 's doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I 'm a political doctor in a northern Toronto hospital , and I discovered a 25-year-olds .
That 's busy , I 'm a little bit disgusting .
He 's just on it .
I looked at his throat , and it 's a little rose .
And two days later I went to the next time , and that 's where I ask myself to talk to me in my room .
" Do you remember your pain ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and rehabilitation after a few days .
But every time , they 're all flipping me , they 're all my eyes .
That 's the system we have .
In the course of 20 years I wrote , and I wrote a message about medicine , I 've been working on my own research and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could be , from one of my first lessons I wrote to the Staro Star
And what I learned was that there was wrong everywhere .
We work in a system in which error happens every day , in the last 10 pills , there 's a single one or prescription , or whether it 's wrong , in which the bacteria get from the hospital and more and more
In both cases , this is low-border estimates compared to reality , because in fact , we haven 't seen this problem , maybe we have to be like that .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We 've got the knowledge based on the experience , for example , for example , I can accept that the chest pain of breast cancer has perfect disease .
For those things , it 's wrong is impossible .
So , if you process the system , I 'm taught , and I 'm taught all the wrong health workers , there 's no one .
And do you know that people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their stories .
The doctor , according to the concept , is the human being with meat , knows you 're just a human being , accepting it , no proud of what 's wrong , but trying to learn something from being able to make somebody else .
You 're very supportive when people talk about their wrongs .
And you 're just wrong with other people , not " A started , " which is a supportive way of supporting people can be better .
Anyone of you can all become famous on the Internet on the next seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video that is uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhh , wowwwww !
Whereas this video is posted in January .
In fact , Jimmy Kimmel .
Number six , six , six . Rives on the streets of six people are waiting for the end of the week , last week . Number six , Friday . Rives on the Friday , you don 't think that we 've got this talk
It 's almost 200 million of them .
This is graph graphics .
Well , Tosh.0 had seen , and many online regulations began to write about it .
Michael J. N. Nelson from the mysterious scientists is one of the first people who posted a joke about this video on Twitter social network .
It turns out that there are now more than 10,000 version of " Friday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Some of them created an old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , but we 're participating .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the specificities of media before , as most of the media are not true for media today , but they 're going to decide how to solve the future .
And my little company was trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... it 's attention to contribute from the community .
Huh . Let 's wait a little bit .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all right now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story starts here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We 're talking about the time that there 's no change from time to India ancient Mahabharata .
Today , we also do it with drill and machines .
So the conclusion is that the magic is replaced with machines .
They prevent creative inspiration .
I 've invented books from 16 years old .
The story is becoming more important .
And in fact , I made a character in the book .
The idea that fireflies in the glass , not know why , it 's incredibly interesting to me .
Another idea is that my mind is that a big asteroid can be obtained in the only place .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about girls , but who don 't in India know about Indian version ?
So , in coming back to this childhood , you have to go out , and , in a program , take a flowers and notes on it .
In another chapter , you 've got to take a piece of wooden and record it .
And what happens is that you 're going to create a digital collection that you can display online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , a lot of different possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , maybe it 's five , this is a kind of time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to illustrate , the graph is very stupid .
Now if I draw the graph , for example , other technology , could be the transport technology , on a logical curve , it would look very rational , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in developmental development of progress by changing a few years .
It 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're in the middle of communication .
And so what I 'm trying to ask , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is exist ?
What 's the new state where the world 's going to go ?
Because this metabolism seems very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far from when we go to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it doesn 't mean that when you think about 30 , 50 years later , because when it 's all going to become very different from what we 're going to do today , there 's
And so I think this photograph means that if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today that oil is not really exist , as we talk about now , because all of them are randomness of chemicals .
It 's just a basic chemistry of life , but everything 's interesting when those drop out of the trick to extract .
In fact , everything living organisms are archive of its genome by its own signature systems and code completely similar .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually communicate DNA .
This media allows the bacteria to shape that including the same bacteria are working together ; they work together .
And so they 're survived or dying , and it means , if a community develops , all the individual in that community itself , they produce more individuals and they evolved in positive ways .
And so , the next process is really interesting in life is about a billion years .
And at that moment , we have multinational pants , the mass of these different types of cells , working together as a unique organ .
The skin cells of people are not going to work if lack of exist in heart cells , cells , brain cells and many other cells .
The next process is happening in these objects .
These cells , again , starting to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the neural system of these pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So one individual can live , for example , learn not to eat something that doesn 't work because it 's not delicate and maybe that 's hard to eat it .
That neural system , the fact that they form specific structures , has pushed the evolution of evolution .
Because evolution can happen in a fish .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here talking about self-border hours , hoping to create in the head of people who think are messy and ambiguous and a little bit like my thinking .
This allows us to exist as a living body .
The phone , computers , video games , CD and so many other things are tools that we create in society to work with information .
And they 're all connected to us to a bigger community , and there 's more likely to evolved than we before .
This process is just on its own and become , I guess , that , I think , it 's about comprehensive -- as a process of changing its changes .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that the device I used to design computers can 't use if there 's no recent technologies in computers .
So now , what I do is to design with complex level of complexity seems to be impossible if design is traditional .
I don 't know the use of all the transistors in the connection .
Instead , what I 've done is that the teachers are doing at the University of Designers that are doing at the time we think about the filter and put that into the machine and then we can do better , further and faster we can .
And in fact , sometimes they do it because the methods we don 't even understand .
A particularly interesting approach that I 'm still using a lot of progress .
Or in other words , " computer , can you give hundreds of millions of random rules .
In other words , I define what I want .
And so let 's copy them with re-border institutions like reproduction . "
Take two programs , and they 're going to create products by metabolizing their subway rules , and product is released by the rules of two programs .
Maybe there 's a couple of mutations .
The end of the process , I 'm going to have the perfect program with the number of numbers .
In fact , they are more effective than many programs I can write hands .
They 're very simple programs .
It said , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details that work for you to have a safe flight . ' It doesn 't make you feel confidence ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than we can build normal construction .
Because all of this technology is self-organizing .
But I think there 's something that 's stuck with us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is quite like Peace Corps for the computer .
We took a few candidates a year , they 're going to work with the city government .
They 're going to write great apps , working with staff .
How can it look for help in the situation there 's no two like this ?
They 're there in February of snow .
They noticed that cities never get rid of the firefillers .
But a member who 's called Erik Michael-Ober , pay attention to another thing , which is that people still are still natural for those things .
Every time you do that , you have to name it , and he puts the first name of the Al .
This is a small app .
Perhaps the smallest of 21 applications and members of the last year .
But it did a job without a government .
A guy in the city of Honolu Monolulu knew about this app and realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but to people to define the waves .
What these lights work very important , but there are people from them .
Chicago 's software applying the software that allows people to postwestwalk in the side of the summer when the sun has snow .
Now there are nine cities that are building this app .
Last year , we had a team of three people working in a long-term project in Boston .
It 's a project that we 're looking for the success case for our children . & lt ; em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; / em & lt ; /
Some people say to us , like normal , to build a software that 's going to lose at least two and cost about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California legal system that has spent two billion taxes , but still don 't work .
And that means that it doesn 't control , there 's always a new thing .
It 's a good news , because we 're going to have more social action than the action of electronics .
They didn 't get rid of it .
Now there are lots of people who lose their own government .
Like a lot of people , I thought the government was just starting to vote .
After two years , I 'm going to get the specific conclusion with local government , about the dancers .
He 's typing " Openh " into the mainstream data . & lt ; em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; / em & gt ; & lt ; / em & lt ; / em &
This is the result of the people who come in the city in Boston .
But what happens with Citizens Conference .
Good sleep , mixture , the ladies and gentlemen , of course . "
That 's pretty simple .
It 's interesting . It 's a technology approach to real life .
When this person helps the other , our community becomes bigger .
If you call the motion control , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the beginning of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we usually spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that the government will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but then
But it 's the contrary that we 've seen what we have and pay for the order of against us , and then it 's harmony ourselves .
Some people think it 's very intriguing .
Because that 's where government really happens .
That 's what Occiety did . That 's what Ocovo did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but it 's the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to get what we need to do without regulate political rights for all of us ?
This is my voice to fight the rights .
Their war isn 't what we 're not going to be somebody who 's up ; it 's all they 're going to do that .
They use their hands .
Surely , we can treat the watercin fire , and a lot of people have done that .
But the applications that reminder that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just the government 's consumers , contribute and get back to service .
In addition , we 're citizens .
And we cannot regulate government until we do good for citizens .
I 've got a question for all of you here : When are important things that matter to our hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of voices , or we 're going to become a group of hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients anymore .
One of the things that we 've done at the University of Radbodmoud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It 's got a knot in the middle of a shortcut .
But another thing .
But that 's the best thing that could happen because this is called the gay pressure pressure pressure pressure , which has been able to help patients -- since it 's used to obese , it can also be used to be used for smoking .
Wind out techniques to use and start with them to make sense of the patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas station is .
But where there 's the last AEDest device to help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device is not just AEDU that this product is called A4SUS .
Because , perhaps , this is photography that you can 't bring on the camera .
It 's knitting with my passion , but there 's a little bit different , because using a camera , it 's been planned .
These pictures like this : building up along the way .
But it 's a turning point that doesn 't want .
What makes hallucinations ?
Sometimes the scenes make hallucinations .
It 's not really what 's true , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that combine the images that have shared a process .
It 's really just a little bit of working together .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that combine the images should have shared a context .
Number two , combine these pictures should have the same light .
And these two pictures are all satisfying two conditions -- it 's taken at the same level and at the same kind of light .
So by combining color , the contrast and the light in the middle of different images , addictures of the field of the field of the field , deserve and dust , we delete the lines between different images and make it as a co
But this photograph is completely created by different areas .
I think that it 's easier to even create a context than finding context , because then you 're not going to organize ideas anymore .
And there was this idea for the winter , I knew I had to lose a few months to prepare , to find different locations of the images .
For example , the fish are caught in the sentence .
There 's always a start with a sketch , a idea .
All the tools are here , and the only thing that makes our limited borders is imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called Growseen Growse .
And just for a few years , LEGO has been in every house .
LEO has taken the concrete blocks , the building blocks of the world , and make it into the brick of imagination .
Transististor is a plastic building that 's going to take us from the world 's world 's world to come together to the world that everything interaction with each other .
It 's like concrete bridges , transistors allow you to build big circuits and more complex circuits , ever bricks .
I don 't accept this , that the bricks built for the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleBit is electronics structures with different functionality .
You 're blue with green , you can make a circuit .
Instead of scaling by building blocks , like this , and now you have a flashlights .
Let 's add this electricity , and now you 've created an engine .
We 've brought the small kids and we 've seen them playing with theittleBits .
And that 's a great experience .
We 're also providingittances to design schools .
So , for example , we have designers that completely don 't know something about electronics starting to play withittinBits like creative tools .
And here you 're going to see , along with the fabric , paper and bottle of water , Closedie made ...
A few weeks ago , we gave them to RISDSD and gave them a few designers with technical techniques with wood and paper -- and told them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government came up with materials that brought the right ideas they could have access to anyone who was the subject of the misconception .
But today , at this moment , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any printer from any printer called the age and if you try to print a piece of paper that 's going to have some yellow yellow dots on all of you print
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And the motivation of this revolution is very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the typical examples of a millionaires come from the world of people who make money from attacks .
Alfred Gonzalzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's here .
And I 'm saying that the risk we 're becoming the victim of this real world .
And a very clear fact that these pictures are getting worse .
In the future of not , most of the solutions will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymus have gone up for 12 months and became a critical force in this revolution .
So we 've got three attacks on the main group : criminals with the destiny of hackers like Anonymouses of antibodies and finally our government , the government is attacking us .
There are lots of cases like what happened in DigiNotarot .
They had to submit the last year because their revolution had been destroyed .
In the last week , in a meeting with the Netherlands , I 've got a question for their leaders that you can see if someone has to die because Digoti 's attacked .
DigiNotarot is a service company .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a web-torn web-torn-torn service with SSL , which is kind of service which Gmmmm is using .
All of us , or at least , most of us are using Gmmmail or another email applications , and these services are particularly popular in the countries like Iran , where the researchers are used to use foreign services like Gmmmm
And he created the evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNotar .
In this documentary , there 's a company where there 's a company in Germany who sells a lot of high-tech tools to be able to hear on a big scale of all the communication and exchange of people 's communication .
This is the main space of that company .
But the Western government does that right now in its country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people had discovered the Tranjinan Scenstan Cojan , which was a German member who used to investigate their people .
They listen to your Internet .
They 're even going to use tools like Tojan Scinstinstin to infect your computer , and then they can get everything you 're communicated , there 's all your conversation through your web , and there 's
So why do I worry ?
But it 's not rational .
Privil privacy doesn 't have to argue .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And could we believe , in a blind way to any future government , a government that we could have in 50 years ?
